 Axial computed tomography scan of the pelvis showing a diffuse infiltration of the bladder wall, catheter in situ (arrow).
 Postoperative anteroposterior radiograph of the pelvis.
 Angiography of the internal carotid artery, late arterial phase. (A) – venous drainage of the AVM, (B) – main arterial supplying vessel, arrow – AVM nidus.
 Case 4: (A) pretreatment radiograph; (B) Root-canal filled showing one canal with a lot of foraminas around the apical area.
 Preintervention MRCP revealing a nine-millimeter stone in the cystic duct (marked with arrow).
 A postoperative radiograph shows reduction with Rockwood pin application.
 MRI showing complete occlusion of proximal 4 cm of left subclavian artery with retrograde filling via the left vertebral.
 Barium meal follow through X-ray showed dilatation of the second part of duodenum with compression of the third part.
 Graft host junction (GH Jn) synechia on UBM (copyright owner Lippincott, Williams and Wilkins, 2008)
 Cardiac catheterization showed arteriovenous malformations (arrows) on the left lung in the patient with Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
 Chest radiograph obtained after endoscopic submucosal dissection showing left pleural fluid with subsegmental collapse of the left lower lobe.
 Computerized tomography image 6 month after surgery (right after the secondary surgery in our department for titanium mesh implantation): bony defect in the inferior orbital wall was repaired by titanium mesh anatomically.
 Ultrasound of anterior leg at rest is normal without any mass.
 Axial T2W image revealing cholecystoduodenal fistula (marked with arrow). The gallbladder is collapsed, thickened, and adherent to the second part of duodenum
 Contrast-enhanced computerized tomography abdomen axial scan showing collection of fluid around pancreas along with inflammation (green arrows)
 A normal size uterine cavity with both fallopian tubes demonstrated and there was free spillage of the contrast material. Both the cervical canal and the uterine cavity are normal in outline
 CT image (axial slice) showing gas within the scrotum and penile shaft.
 The follow-up CT scan shows residual hematoma in the orbital cavity; no retained foreign bodies or intracranial hemorrhaging.
 Lateral plain radiograph showed inferior screws pullout and anterior displacement of the plate.
 Measurement of medial femoral osteophyte size and medial tibial osteophyte size on a standing anteroposterior radiograph of the knee. Osteophyte size was defined as the largest perpendicular distance from the cortical line to the outer margin of an osteophyte.
 Satisfactory femoral neutral alignment was achieved if three points of bony apposition (arrows) were obtained at the calcar proximally, on the lateral endosteal surface in the middle, and at the medial endosteal surface with the tip of the stem distally as shown in the figure
 CT scan (pretreatment) showing lymph nodes.
 Airway (black line) to soft palate (white line) ratio method of assessing adenoid enlargement on lateral neck radiography as described by Cohen and Konak
 Case 2, tibial fracture.
 After stent placement, angiogram showed good dilatation of the common iliac artery.
 Endoscopic ultrasound findings. An approximately 1×1-cm heterogeneous hypoechoic tumor with well-demarcated border (arrows) was found on the submucosal layer.
 Lower second molar mesial angular periodontal defect.
 Axial apparent diffusion coefficient map shows focal low signal intensity nodule (arrow) at right peripheral zone, which was graded 5.
 Intraoral periapical view at 1 month showing resolution of cystic defect
 Coronal view. Penetrating object caudal to the bladder. 1 bladder. 2 spine. 3 penetrating object.
 CT scan of thorax in a patient with IPF showing typical basal, sub-pleural, honeycomb shadowing and traction bronchiectasis.
 It shows the OPG with deformities in the mandible and partial anodontia.
 Post-operative (1.5 year) sagittal T1-weighted MRI with gadolinium contrast
 Steering and positioning of the MitraClip delivery system in the left atrium. The Clip Delivery System (CDS) is advanced until its tip is even with the guide tip under fluoroscopic guidance. The CDS is further advanced until the guide radiopaque tip ring marker is centred between the sleeve alignment markers with confirmation on fluoroscopy (straddling)
 Axial contrast enhanced CT images on the level of lower supernumerary kidneys with marked rotation anomaly
 Vessel is straightened with two floppy guidewires and a balloon delivery system
 Post void TAU image of the cervix with the empty bladder alleviates the artifactual lengthening of the cervix, and it has a normal curved appearance with a cervical length measurement of 41.3 mm.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the left thigh showing a proximal third diaphyseal lesion of the left femur. Note the aggressive features represented by the ill-defined margins with a wide zone of transition, cortical erosion and circumferential onion skin appearance denoting moderately aggressive periosteal reaction.
 AP chest radiograph showing extensive bilateral reticular-fibrotic pattern with honeycombing and a 2.17 cm nodule in right upper lobe of his lungs.
 MRI neck showing swelling and hyper intense signal in right half of tongue (arrow).
 Pelvic computed tomography. A 5.1 × 4 cm-sized, well-defined solid mass with multiple calcifications and fat density is noted in right adnexa (arrow).
 Axial CT image. Axial CT image at T10 indicating the atrophy of vertebral bodies and invasion of the hemangioma.
 Lateral right ankle radiograph with evidence of calcified loose bodies (arrow) posterior to the talotibial joint. Small loose bodies are also seen anteriorly to the joint (arrow head).
 BF TEM images of the nylon-12 (a) 300 nm rod and (b) 65 nm rod.
 Example of the regions of interest manually placed to validate the analyses, evaluating the influence of the stroke lesion location/hemisphere in the outcome of the results.
 Three-year-old girl with bilateral ulnar deficiencies and a left hypoplastic thumb with a bifid metacarpal (Courtesy of Shriners Hospital for Children, Philadelphia).
 Magnetic resonance imaging pictures well-defined sellar-suprasellar heterogenous lesion and mildly hyperintense on T1-weighted (T1W) images and brightly hyperintense on T2-weighted (T2W) images suggestive of Rathke's cyst
 Chest CT scan shows culminal cavity partially filled, with thickened wall.
 Anteroposterior radiograph demonstrating the ‘fleck’ sign (arrow) of the lateral malleolus due to acute peroneal tendon dislocation. Marked soft-tissue swelling is also seen here.
 T2FatSat; pathologic valve/stenosis in the junction of the left IJV with brachiocephalic vein.
 Postoperative radiographs of the total knee replacement at 8 months showing the severe heterotopic ossification.
 CT showing large D1 polyp intussuscepting into D2 (arrowhead), but no obvious CT scan characteristics of a lipoma.
 MR Image through common femoral region showing an inhomogenous predominantly low T1 signal mass in the region of the common femoral artery.
 MRI Brain with contrast (axial view) - Homogenous enhancement of the lesion based on the lateral superior sagittal sinus wall at junction of anterior and middle third, and on adjacent falx
 Fluoroscopic images with injection of contrast media. The contrast medium is spread around the anchor (arrowhead). However, no contrast medium is noted in the intrathecal space. The broken intrathecal fragment is shown as a U-shaped loop (arrow).
 Computed tomography of chest showing largest pulmonary metastatic nodule of size 10 × 6 cm in right middle and lower lobes invading adjacent mediastinum, mediastinal pleura, pericardium, and right pulmonary vein and bronchus.
 Simple computed tomography scan showing massive right pleural effusion, right pulmonary atelectasis, small left pleural effusion, and adenopathy near the great vessels (arrow)
 Arrowhead indicates the IVDH area. Fiber tractography showed short fiber trajectories around only two seed ROIs (arrows) and loss of continuity among fiber trajectories.
 CT scan of brain showing infarct in left capsuloganglionic region (arrow)
  Thoracic computed tomographic scan showing a lesion suggestive of tuberculosis in the right apex and diffuse micronodular involvement.
 Vegetation. Four-chamber steady-state free precession (SSFP) image in a patient with septic shock and infective endocarditis shows a linear vegetation (arrow) attached to the septal leaflet of the tricuspid valve
 A 15-year-old girl with ruptured appendicitis and 12 French pigtail catheter placement: The abscess was later shown to decrease in size and the patient had resolution of her fevers and elevated white count.
 Physical examination of delivery system after 3 h.
 Left coronary arteriogram in the right anterior oblique projection shows a partial segmental narrowing of the proximal left anterior descending artery (arrow).
 Computerised tomographic scan chest showing tumour
 CT scan of the left lower extremity. The arrow illustrates extensive gas within the soft tissues of the left lower extremity.
 Transabdominal ultrasound in a 16-year-old adolescent.Notes: A hemorrhagic cyst consistent with a corpus luteum cyst diagnosed on transabdominal ultrasound in a 16-year-old adolescent who presented with acute abdominal pain. A hypoechogenic cyst with an echogenic structure representing the blood clot is observed. In addition, the delicate “cobweb” is seen.
 CT angiogram of the left leg, transverse section, shows popliteal pseudoaneurysm (asterisk) adjacent to the popliteal artery (arrow).
 Determination of acetabular cup inclination and anteversion using computer software (computer-assisted measurement of total hip arthroplasty, Japan Medical Material, Osaka, Japan). The white arrow shows tear drop line.
  Patient 1 cholangiogram. Mild anastomotic narrowing proximal to the anastomosis is seen. The donor duct is dilated and irregular in contour. It appears to contain filling defects which retrospectively are related to presence of biliary cast material in the right and left main hepatic ducts.
 Regenerated superficial radial nerve in high-frequency ultrasound at three postoperative months.
 Follow up CT abdomen showing resolution of the bile collection.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan of the chest.The arrow in the scan shows a soft tissue mass that encases and compresses the superior vena cava and right posterior trachea originating from the right lung apex. The tracheal diameter is overall enlarged. Bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy is also evident, but appreciated more on the right side.
 Post-operative radiograph with bilateral plate osteosynthesis.
 Pretreatment panoramic view
 Abdominal computed tomography scan showed a filling defect in the splenic vein (arrow), indicating thrombosis formation.
 Lateral X-ray of the skull, showing a large, ill-defined, well-demarcated, expansile, multiloculated osteolytic lesion in the occipital bone.
 Computed tomography image obtained at the first examination. A well-circumscribed oval lesion, approximately 19 × 14 × 12 mm in size, was found inferior to the left nasal alar base. A small high-density area was observed adjacent to the right piriform aperture
 CT scan of his lungs, showing a large central space occupying lesion surrounding both main bronchi.
 Follow-up radiograph (anteroposterior view) showing union of both the fractures
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography showing a large cystic mass (arrowheads)causing cardiac compression (arrows).
 Axial CT image shows a left superior vena cava (arrow).
 Chest CT showing a diffuse interstitial pulmonary fibrosis, with subpleural involvement, honeycombing and bronchiectasis, characteristics of a usual pattern of interstitial pneumonia.
 Magnetic resonance imaging reveals a large acute spinal subarachnoid hematoma extending from C2 to T4 with spinal cord compression and numerous dilated anterior spinal arteries at the C6--T3 levels (white asterisk).
 Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in Transthoracic echocardiography
 A subcutaneous mass was observed on the right hind limb of a cat. The mass was approximately 40 mm in diameter.
 Abdominal contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan reveals diffuse enhancing wall thickening (arrow) without an obvious mass-like lesion.
 Computed tomography showed a 5.6 × 4.7 cm mass in the left pelvis along the posterior dome of the bladder, which was consistent with a pheochromocytoma, given its location and the clinical picture.
 Orthopantomogram with multiple multilocular radiolucent lesions in the maxilla and mandible
 Panoramic radiograph (postoperative)
 X-ray of the septic ACL reconstructed knee.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the fetal cyst.
 Computed tomography scan of the chest performed one month after discharge showed resolution of ground glass opacities.
  Magnetic resonance angiography showing no aneurysm at the any portions of arteries.
 Orthopantomograph of the patient with periapical radiolucency in relation to lower central incisors and impacted lower third molars
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing vertebral duplication and myelocystocoele
 Chest radiograph showing an absence of lung markings and a pleural line in the right chest, suggestive of spontaneous pneumothorax.
 Axial T2 gradient echo sequence shows no signal abnormality within right striatum but some scattered blooming artifacts within left thalami consistent with petechial hemorrhages.
 Chest CT scan showing a left perihilar mass.
 Interlaminar epidural depicting epidural hematomagram (white arrows). Black arrow placed to highlight needle location
 Transverse plane of abdominal CT-scan showing the lineal flexure and faecal impaction.
 Parasternal short axis view at the level of aortic valve showing dilated left coronary artery (two arrows) and right coronary artery (single arrow)
 Panoramic view of the patient presenting multiple osteomas. A particularly large lobulated osteoma is present in the right condyle and coronoid process that impacted both permanent and deciduous teeth.
 Chest X-ray (AP view) perfromed following the endotracheal intubation in this patient on admission shows the satisfactory position of the endotracheal tube. The lungs are clear with no clear infiltrates or any evidence of pneumothorax.
 X-ray demonstrating stone within cutaneous reservoir.
 An axial CT scan of the cerebrum, performed 4 years earlier, on which one could recognize the MRI verified herniation of left parahippocampal gyrus (arrow).
 Mammographie de profil de Madame GF montrant une opacité du sein gauche au niveau du quadrant supérointerne classée ACR5
 Mucosal leishmaniasis. CT scan showing left maxillary sinusitis and centimetric perforation of the nasal septal cartilage
 Computed tomography with intravenous contrast demonstrating large hematoma around the right kidney with contrast extravasation.
 Right renal parenchymal laceration (arrow) with perinephric hematoma.
 X-ray images from four directions to confirm bone union. Anteroposterior radiograph.
 Follow-up CT venous phase.
 Paragangliomas. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows striking enhancement in bilateral carotid body tumors (paragangliomas) with splaying of left-sided internal carotid artery (short arrow) and external carotid artery (dashed arrow). Long arrow shows the internal jugular vein
 Fat suppressed magnetic resonance imaging demonstrating edema in the cervical spinal cord as a result of root avulsion.
 Anteroposterior view radiograph showing an area of sclerosis in the lateral distal region of the clavicle.
 The suspicious lesion and the vacuum-assisted breast biopsy probe underneath the skin.
 A panoramic radiograph reveals the fusion of the maxilla and mandible extending from the right upper second premolar to the tip of coronoid process of mandible.
 Femoral angiogram, showing femoral artery occlusion
 Sonogram of a foreign body – wood imbedded in the adductor muscle of a 55‐year‐old male.
 MIP RMI reconstruction. Preoperative staging study due to a right breast lesion, where a second lesion was identified at the left breast, corresponding to synchronic bilateral carcinoma.
 Superior venogram showing tight stenosis of SVC (arrow).
 Plain abdominal X-ray visualizing correct position of stent graft
 Ultrasound image at 26 weeks' gestation of a cervical teratoma.
 T1rho map shows the segmented posterior horn of the medial meniscus
 Postoperative abdominal X-Ray with barium meal.
 Aortic arch angiogram of case 1 showing stenoses of multiple large arteries of the aorta.
 An computed tomography image. Contrast-enhanced computed tomography demonstrating compression of the left renal vein between the aorta (Ao) and superior mesenteric artery (SMA) with dilatation of the distal part of the left renal vein (LRV).
 An acetabular labral tear visualized with ultrasound. The crosses mark the approximate limits of the triangular-shaped labrum. The thick arrow points to the hypoechoic cleft that runs through the base of the labrum, ending in cystic formation just superior to the labrum (3 thin arrows).
 Faint low attenuated areas in the left lentiform nucleus at the level of midbrain are seen
 Postoperative CT ImagingPostoperative axial CT showing the extent of the bony clivus resection.
 Calculation of shear wave velocity (Vs) of breast lesion. Marginal areas of mass and the surrounding tissues are included in the region of interest. The numeric value of the shear wave velocity is displayed on the monitor.
 Flat-dark-corrected frame from a movie of a live mouse captured with a 200 µm flat-panel detector (Hamamatsu C9252DK-14) at 30 frames s−1. The movie is available online in the supporting information. [Supporting information for this paper is available from the IUCr electronic archives (reference: MO5075).] The vertical line on the right is an artefact of the detector, not the beam.
 Sagittal cervical CT scan – Bone window
 Brain MR imaging (T1WI) showed hyperintensity of basal nuclei indicating chronic hepatic encephalopathy.
 Mirror image
 Still image of transthoracic echocardiogram depicting the papillary fibroelastoma (arrow) attached to the septal wall of the left ventricle.
 Case 1. X-ray showing a giant-cell tumor of the ulnar head in a 29-year-old patient.
 Preoperative lateral view neck radiograph showing thumb sign
 CT Chest showing right pulmonary artery aneurysm with thrombus in situ
 Lateral x-ray demonstrating the osseous reaction at the distal third of the humerus at the time of admission.
 Orthopantomogram showing lesion involving the left side of the hard palate
 Endoscopic ultrasonography revealed a tumor with low homogenous echogenicity originating in the gastric muscular layer.
 Transthoracic echocardiography in the four-chamber view showing global left atrial longitudinal strain rate.In the presence of atrial fibrillation, one of the two negative peaks of the strain rate curve disappears (blue arrow).
 Lesion regions of Interest. Fluid attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) image from subject 8 with lesion core and contusion highlighted on a single axial slice.
 Computertomographic presentation of the distance between the bony tube canal and the internal carotid artery in axial reconstruction. The white arrows mark the lumen of the Eustachian tube, the black arrows mark the bony canal of the internal carotid artery.
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography chest horizontal view showing right lower bronchus (a) lying close to large abscess cavity in right lung (b)
 Massive left sided pleural effusion with shift of mediastinum to right
 T2-weighted axial MRI sequence showing bilateral periventricular white matter hyperintensity (arrow) and cortico-subcortical atrophy.
 Case 3 ultrasound images: ‘Keyhole sign’ of enlarged fetal bladder and post-bladder neck urethral meatus.
 Chest X-ray on admission showed infiltrates and pleural effusion on the right lower zone.
 Metastatic brain lesion with central necrosis
 Total upper-right lobe atelectasis due to bronchus obstruction.
 Femoral bursitis (withe arrow). He was treated for Morel Lavallee syndrome with percutaneous drainage with compression. He underwent one more operation for removal of the bursitis.
 Postoperative T1W post-contrast image
 An OptEase® retrievable vena cava filter was placed in the inferior vena cava via the right femoral vein under digital subtraction angiography, and a venogram showed total occlusion of the left iliac vein.
 Chest X-ray obtained on arrival showing mild cardiomegaly.
 Frozen US image depicting a transverse view of the BT.
 Chest X-ray shows a left retrocardiac homogenous opacity (arrow) and left costophrenic angle blunting.
 1.9 cm ostium secundum type atrial septal defect in subcostal view.
 Osteolytic lesion in the lower jaw of patient treated with Zometa® for 12 months (59 years old, female, breast cancer).
 Coxal X-ray. It can be seen marked narrowing of the left coxal-femoral joint space, left femoral head deformation, circumscribed areas at the femoral neck, anterior-superior region and subchondral bone attachment aspect.
 ERCP showing poorly defined cystic duct, common bile duct junction
 Incomplete filling of the cyst. 23 months after nail removal. Small residual cyst in the area of the former postoperative defect (Capanna Typ 2).
 Simultaneous rib fractures in patients with OVCF.
 Preanhepatic phase. TEE midesophageal view: clot in the right atrium appears to be attached to 9 French catheter.
 AS-OCT image of a patient who has undergone FLEK at 3 months postop showing good scarring and approximation at the interface
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-invisible 1A endometrial cancer in a 68-year-old woman. A T2-weighted sagittal image shows no focal lesion within the hyperintense endometrium (arrows). Prior to the MRI scan, endometrial biopsy revealed grade II endometrioid adenocarcinoma. Pathologic examination following hysterectomy confirmed no residual cancer but scattered atypical endometrial glands. There was no metastasis in the pelvic and para-aortic lymph nodes. No recurrent cancer has been found for postoperative 49 months.
 Well-defined radio-lucency with focal radio-opacity and impacted 38. Root resorption of 36 and 37
 Follow-up chest radiograph obtained 2 weeks after Fig. 3 (day 37) showing a ball-shaped cavitating mass with crescentic cavitation in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.
 Post-operative computerized tomography scan showing complete tumor excision
 Case 2: 46-year-old man. CE-US images. After contrast administration, a small, well-demarcated nodule in segment VII of the liver is visible.
 CT of abdomen coronal section showing severely dilated duodenum (white arrow) and peri-pancreatic fat stranding (yellow arrow).
 Testicular US showing hydrocele and presence of catheter in scrotum.
 Angiographic confirmation of active bleeding from corona mortis.
 Preoperative anteroposterior X-ray showing bilateral osteoarthritis of the hip.
 Focal area of high T2 signal change in lower spinal cord from T11-T12 level.
 A full-thickness tear (arrow) of the supraspinatus (Ss) is shown (H: humeral head)
 Transesophageal echocardiogram showing fistula between aortic sinus and the RVOT.
 Chest radiograph, showing no infiltrative shadows
 Enhanced axial CT shows a left inguinal mass, 18 mm in size (arrow).
  Left rectus sheath hematoma. A CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis revealing a large left rectus sheath hematoma (arrow).
 ACh. Considerable gallbladder wall thickening with visible intramural effusion
 Esophagogram anteroposterior view reveals extravasation of contrast from the distal third of esophagus on left side
 Abscesses around the right knee joint.
  Distribution of abdominal fat as measured by FatScan software on a CT image. The visceral fat was indicated in red, and the subcutaneous fat was indicated in pink.
 Short axis view showing the aorta giving rise to the coronary arteries (arrow) in an anterior position and to the right. The pulmonary trunk is placed in a central position.
 A Chest X-ray showing the malposition of a left internal jugular central venous catheter down the left internal mammary (thoracic) vein
 Liquid swallowing image from videofluoroscopy, Clinical Case 1. The occurrence of liquid penetration into the supraglottic region during swallowing in Clinical Case 1 is presented.
 Contrast-enhanced CT shows the pulmonary artery pseudoaneurysm (PAP) due to pulmonary aspergillosis in the left upper lobe (arrow).
 Chest CT at our hospital showed a tumor in the right posterior mediastinum (arrow). It measured 4.3 cm in diameter and was located beside the 9th thoracic vertebrae
 Ultrasound image: from the ruptured aorta (Ao) blood flows (dotted arrow) into the pseudoaneurysm (PsA) and subsequently through the fistula that enters the pulmonary artery (PA) near the bifurcation towards the left (l-PA) and right (r-PA) branch of the PA
 Stent deployment proximal to the myocardial bridge
 Computerized tomography scan demonstrating the abdominal mass (A). Note the air-filled cavity and soft tissue polyp
 True FISP sequence of axial image showing how Kommerell's diverticulum creates a compressive effect on the posterior aspect of the esophagus and trachea
 Axial slice from contrast-enhanced CT study demonstrating direct communication and erosion of the abscess cavity into the anterior ascending aorta resulting in a localised peri-aortic area of contrast extravasation (black arrowhead).
 CT CVJ showing method to calculate ECD
 Yellow arrow - chance fracture at D5 level, Green arrow - posterior ligamentous disruption, red arrow - cord edema.
 Echocardiograph shows segmental analysis of the left ventricle after 2D speckle tracking from the parasternal short-axis view.
 Abdominal CT demonstrating multiple abscessed intra-abdominal lymph nodes.
 Computed tomography scan of chest showing an anterior mediastinal thymic mass (white arrow).
 2D aortic valve short-axis, transesophageal view displaying fungal vegetation on all three aortic valve leaflets.
 Gallstone impacted within the sigmoid colon.
 Axial MRI imaging shows mild compression of the spine cord.
 CT abdomen showing mass in right adrenal
 Endoscopic sonographic image showing well-circumscribed hypoechoic structure in the distal esophagus (blue calipers). There is broad abutment with the aorta (small star).
 Left lateral sinus thrombosis on magnetic resonance.
 59-year-old male with myeloma. Contrast-enhanced CT scan of the thorax. The left scapula was almost entirely missing. It was replaced by a large, homogeneous soft-tissue mass that was biopsied, confirming the diagnosis of myeloma.
 Vehicle-mounted MLS data with intensity-scale coloring of a street corner; besides street geometry, intensity data enable identification of road paintings such as zebra crossings.
 Picture illustrating the integration of the fibre into the textile to form the sensing setup, herein called “half oval”.
 Emphysematous changes inside the wall of the distended uterus.
 A postcontrast computed tomographic scan revealed a pelvic abscess with an air-fluid level.
 Splenic metastasis from melanoma. Contrast-enhanced CT shows multiple hypodense masses in the liver (arrowheads) and a large mass in the spleen (arrow) demonstrating central necrosis (*) in a patient with known melanoma representing hepatic and splenic metastasis from melanoma.
 CT scan showing a soft tissue mass lying anterior to masseter
 Tying in the nose using a Jobson Horne probe
 Renal sonogram showing multiple intracalyceal renal stones in an adult Nigerian, in ideal locations for treatment with extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy
 Axial CT: OF appears as a lesion with well-defined margins showing a hypodense signal corresponding to fibrous tissue (arrowhead) with intralesional foci of hyperdensity corresponding to areas of mineralisation (arrow).
 Cardiac dimensions: four-chamber end-systolic view. LAlat: left atrium lateral diameter; LAsi: left atrium supero-inferior diameter; RAlat: right atrium lateral diameter: RAsi: right atrium supero-inferior diameter.
 CT abdomen and pelvis without contrast. Coronal view showing small amount of high density perisplenic fluid (white arrows) tracking in the left paracolic gutter and extending into the pelvis.
 CT reveals significant reduction of the PPC following drainage
 A computed tomographic (CT) scan of the abdomen revealed a 2×2 cm sized soft tissue lesion on the left subdiaphragmatic area.
 T1 image of magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showing nonenhancement in the left cavernous sinus indicative of thrombus formation
 IOPA showing 4 mesial canals.
 Fluoroscopic images showing dynamic instability due to impingement. The patient has a large anterior cam deformity, seen here on a lateral view with the leg in flexion (a). As the leg is flexed further, the deformity contacts the rim and causes levering of the head (b).
 Angiography shows huge ascending dissecting aneurism with prosthetic valve
 Echography showing the thrombus present as echoic image inside the right common iliac vein
 Medial collateral ligament bursitis. A 56-year-old man with medial knee mass and pain. Coronal T2W fat-saturated image shows an oblong heterogeneous cystic mass (arrow) adjacent to the medial collateral ligament (arrowhead)
 Pelvic computerized tomography revealed a 3.5 cm tumor at the left lateral wall of the bladder (arrow).
 Profile X -Ray of the load bearing foot of patient #6 after 24 months surgery.
 Chest X-ray face-on in prone position (Case 2).
 Malignant pleural effusion (T4 disease). CT shows pleural soft tissue nodules (arrow) and effusion.
 Cross section of a pelvic MRI showing a urethral leiomyoma
 Non contrast computed tomography scan showing soft tissue density lesion in left paravertebral area (red arrow) along with multiple lung metastases (yellow arrowheads)
 Lateral thoracic and lumbar spine image from DXA study for vertebral morphology. Note compressive deformities at T-7 and T-9, and a Schmorl’s node at L1, with otherwise normal vertebral morphology of the lumbar spine
 Initial X-ray examination.
 Measurement of the diameters of the pulmonary artery and aorta. Axial chest computed tomographic image at the level of the bifurcation of the main pulmonary artery. Measurements of the diameter of the main pulmonary artery (PA) and that of the aorta (A) at the level of the bifurcation were used to calculate the PA/A ratio. Short arrows show the rises of the bilateral pulmonary arteries. It is the measuring point of the diameter of PA
 CT scan of brain showing NCC lesion
 Limb shortening/failed proximal locking screw
 Ultrasound image showing low approach interscalene brachial plexus block. Needle pathway (arrows), SCM: sternocleidomastoid muscle, IJV: internal jugular vein, ST: superior trunk of brachial plexus, MSM: middle scalene muscle.
 Anteroposterior radiograph demonstrates cranial acetabular retroversion.
 X-ray chest Posteroanterior view showing irregular diffuse deposition of mercury in the subcutaneous plane
 The use of color-coded duplex ultrasonography for localization of stones during ESWL. The CCD signal indicates by sound and graphics when the stone is hit by the shock wave. Moreover, the change of the signal may indicate breakage of the stone
 Through-plane SSFP image in systole through the valve tips in a patient with aortic stenosis. The tips are outlined by dark (low signal), partly due to signal loss from shear. The orifice area can in this case be measured directly by planimetry, but this should not be attempted if the outlines are unclear on the available cine images.
 2D echo-cardiogram. Four-chamber view shows atrial and ventricular dilation.
 Sample image of sentinel clot, which was determined as focal high-density clotted blood around ovarian cyst on precontrast CT (arrowhead).
 Postchemo contrast-enhanced CT showing residual disease with marked response (bold arrow) in iliac lymph nodes.
 Abdominal ultrasonography performed after discharge, showing a normal gallbladder wall.
 Neutral lateral X-rays show interspinous process devices at L4-5 and L5-S1, with minimal spondylolisthesis
 Case 1 panoramic film findings. Preoperative panoramic radiograph showing the elongated styloid process
 Axial view of splenic rupture and hematoma.
 X-ray pelvis showing collapsed, subluxed head of femur, proximal medullary canal sclerosis, irregular acetabulum with protrusio.
 Pretreatment breast magnetic resonance image. Mass lesions non-suggestive of a specific diagnosis, inflammatory appearance of the parenchyma, and remarkable thickening in the mammary skin of the right breast.
 Echocardiographic image of operated rabbit. Right parasternal view, recording B-mode and Doppler values. Pulmonary artery (Po, as ART POLM in the figure)
 Axial slice of Dyna CT showing ethmoidal pseudoaneurysm in left orbital region
  Computed tomography scan after injection of contrast medium in parenchymal window showing infarction of the lower pole of the left kidney.
 Preoperative radiograph
 Apical four chamber view showing right ventricular dimensions (basal right ventricular diameter = 4.94 cm, mid-right ventricular diameter = 4.54 cm).
 Axial CT scan of the brain without contrast 20 hours after completing prostatectomy demonstrates right MCA territory infarction with 3-mm midline shift
 Initial high-resolution computed tomographic image demonstrating right lower lobe nodular, cavitary lung disease.
 Fistula (arrow) in ileal Crohn’s disease (9 MHz probe)
 Axial CT through the abdomen shows multiple bilateral avidly enhancing lesions in both kidneys.
 Caudal pelvic CT scan. CT scan of the second structure, which was localised in the pelvis and diagnosed to be a cystic ovarian neoplasm: caudal scan.
 Fracture of his twelfth thoracic vertebra.
 A contrast enhanced CT scan showing ectasia of the right internal jugular vein.
 CT reveals a large tumor (arrows) in the right lobe of the liver along with an adjacent intraperitoneal hyperdense fluid collection (black asterisk).
 Computed tomographic scan obtained 10 months after treatment.
 T1-weighted brain magnetic resonance imaging with contrastArrows indicate areas of enhancement distant from the surgical field.
 (case 14) CT scan after contrast product injection, axial sequence of the posterior fossa showing empty right lateral sinus (arrow)
 T1-weighted +contrast sagittal MRI reveal resolution of the inflammation present before at the level of C5 and C6 vertebral bodies(white arrows). At this time of examination, C4 and C5 vertebral bodies seems to be fused, seen as a single bone structure.
 Chest X-ray of one of the studied patients showing the cranial (upper) and caudal (lower) electrical impedance tomography belt. X-ray taken at 5 cm H2O positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP).
 Abdomen radiograph showing the presence of high level of air fluid in the bowel loops.
 Cecocolon over-rotated into the pelvis.
 Transverse 3D T1-weighted TFE MR image with contrast enhancing cisternal segment of oculomotor nerve (III right) in comparison with nonenhancing cisternal segment of left oculomotor nerve (III left). TFE, turbo field echo; 3D, three dimensional; MR, magnetic resonance.
 Axial image from the noncontrast pelvic CT scan demonstrating the right prostatic calcification measuring 17 × 12 mm in this section.
 Barium swallow showing indentations on the esophagial lumen caused by anterior osteophyte formations more prominent at C5–6 and C6–7 levels.
 Computed tomography image of chest of patient with tuberculosis after anti–hepatitis C virus therapy. A parenchymal distortion 32 mm in diameter is shown in the upper right lung with initial central excavation 10 mm in diameter. Similar lesions 8 mm in diameter without central excavation are shown in the upper left lung.
 Abdominal CT-scan (with oral and intra-venous contrast
 Patient 1. The X-ray of the left hip after in situ fixation.
  Computed tomography of head. Axial CT image show low density lesions in white matter (red arrow) and high density in lateral cleft pool (blue arrow).
 Case 2. Native image of temporary balloon occlusion within the double stents. White arrow shows balloon inflation to achieve decreasing of inflow into the pseudoaneurysm.
 Borderline constriction in the middle/distal RCA
 Axial, noncontrasted CT image slightly superior to the porta hepatis obtained at 8 months. The image demonstrates a persistent, encapsulated anterior perihepatic fluid collection (Culture negative). Although the collection has decreased in size from the previous exam, the “rind” is unchanged.
 Computed tomography chest scan (axial section) after iodinated contrast: a liquid mass of the middle mediastinum, well-limited, heterogeneous, repressing trachea and supra-aortic trunks without invasion signs.
 Enlarged right ventricle and ICD electrode (arrow) with thrombi. Transthoracic echocardiogram, parasternal short axis viewRV – right ventricle, LV – left ventricle.
 Magnetic resonance imaging. Gadolinium-enhanced axial T1 image showing a meningeal enhancement at the left parietal lobe
 CECT thorax showing two large loculated pleural effusions communicating with each other along left anterior and left posterolateral chest wall
 Axial CT scan at T5 revealing the presence of an incidental right-sided thoracic aorta.
 Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MRI reveals a uniformly enhancing mass in the posterior temporal lobe with focal leptomeningeal enhancement.
 Chest radiograph of patient no. 5, who had community-acquired pneumonia associated with Tropheryma whipplei.
 Chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis catheter tip seen inside the rectal lumen
 OPG revealing the lesion
 Chest X-ray showing cardiomegaly, increased pulmonary flow with a prominent main and right pulmonary artery
 Maximum intensity protection (MIP) images of a patient with physiological distribution of 68Ga-PSMA ligand. Accumulation is seen in lacrimal and salivary glands, nasal mucosa, liver, spleen, bowel, kidneys and bladder
 Initial periapical radiograph of carious exposed 36 and 37 shows presence of solitary pulp stones.
 62-year-old man with known ventricular septal defect. Ventricular septal defect shows left ventricle (LV) to right ventricle (RV) contrast shunt (arrow) without muscle wall.
 Abdominal CT on admission: CT scan reveals a 5.3 cm × 4.5 cm right adrenal mass (arrow).
 T1W sagittal MR image of cervical spine showing syrinx in the cord
 Panoramic radiograph showing a well delimited radiolucency on the right side in the posterior region of the maxilla, absence of the first molar (16) and displacement of tooth 17 and 15.
 4-year-old boy with angiocentric glioma. High-resolution, T2-weighted image shows that the hyperintense, expansile lesion is predominantly cortical and lies anterior to the central sulcus.
 A 67-year-old woman referred with abdominal pain. Computerized tomogram (CT) of the abdomen with IV and oral contrast reveals a huge aneurysm (95 mm ×83 mm diameter) in the hepatic artery containing mural thrombosis in the aneurysmal sac.
 Ultrasonography image of epipolic appendagitis showed an hyperechogenic paracolic oval-shaped mass in the left lower abdominal quadrant.
 Fluoroscopic image of cannulation of gallbladder via the stent.
 Computed tomography appearance of tension pneumocephalus with multiple small air bubbles in the subarachnoid space
 The (ECHO) ultrasonic scan of the area showing a sizeable infrasonic formation with distinct boundaries.
 Thoracic CT showing posterior tracheal rupture (Arrow).
 Pre-reduction abdominal radiography reveals a mass-like lesion in the right upper quadrant.
 Lateralised right middle turbinate. A coronal C.T scan of a patient admitted for revision FESS showing a lateralised right middle turbinate (arrow).
 panoramic radiograph of patient n°1, six months after surgery, and after the plate removal and implants insertion.
 Axial MRCP image showing signal void filling the lumen of the posteriorly positioned cystic duct, and causing extrinsic compression of the anterior duct (CHD)
 Migration de la broche cubitale
 Computed tomography (CT) scan: a high-grade distal small bowel obstruction with a transitional zone in the left lower abdomen
 Slice from the CT abdomen showing the position of the nail in the abdomen.
 Abdominal computed tomography showing multiple air bubble foci within the collecting system of the left kidney
 Trans-esophageal echocardiography confirming aortic dissection of the ascending aorta.
 The trigeminal nerve target in the Computed Tomography and T2 weighted Drive sequence Magnetic Resonance image fusion in a sample case
 Chest CT of patient prior to treatment with mycophenolic acid showing multiple infiltrates.
 The axial MRI with MRS voxel location of a 64 years old HCV+ patient.
 The neural activation in the contrast of NSI versus OSI (with a cluster-corrected threshold of p<0.05, voxels≥34) in Experiment 1.
 Femoral guide used in the two-incision technique.
 Anteroposterior view left shoulder. Details-pathological fracture and sequestrum seen.
 Discography: Done by injecting radio opaque dye in the disc space
 CT scan showing a voluminous intraperitoneal mass 33 × 30 × 17 cm in size, occupying the most part of the abdomen, with solid and cystic parts and with peripheral contrast enhancement.
 Chest radiograph with consolidation adjacent to the right hemi-diaphragm
 Computed tomography showing the pigtail catheter left in the gastric wall abscess for drainage.
 Expanded deltopectoral access.
 Pre-operative radiograph of 75 years male patient with garden type 3 neck of femur fracture and for whom above-knee amputation was done.
 Computed tomography scan showing the hepatic artery aneurysm.
 Axial computed tomography images demonstrating pneumomediastinum (arrow).
 Preoperative MRI scan.
 Computed tomography of the chest showing liner foreign body in the right ventricle.
 Computed tomography abdomen/pelvis with PO/intravenous contrast 7/31/2014
 Anteroposterior radiographic view with internal rotation showing a greater tuberosity fracture (arrow).
 Magnetic resonance imaging, T1 sequences with gadolinium, sagittal view. Imaging after two previous resections. Note strong dorsal (C7/Th1 to Th5) and ventral (C6 to Th3/Th4) enhancement in the spinal canal. Artifacts due to laminoplasty material
 Chest X-ray revealing infiltrates in both lung fields
 Proximal part of left coronary artery in B-mode, parasternal short axis view. LAD PROX – proximal part of the left anterior descending coronary artery, INTERMEDIATE – strong intermediate branch See movie 1 [see Additional file 1]
 Small effusion on the flexor aspect of the proximal interphalangeal joint. Fluid thickness is measured at 1.6 mm and extends out of the proximal recess (arrowheads). Compare with Fig. 6. PP proximal phalanx, MP middle phalanx
 Ultrasound image recorded during the tumescent anesthesia infiltration. The arrow shows the presence of the fluid
 An abdominal radiograph shows the tip of the guide wire originating from the hemodialysis catheter inserted in the right femoral vein.
 24-year-old female patient (second case) preoperative radiograph of the right femur subtrochanteric stress fractures.
 Fracture déplacée du col huméral droit
 A panoramic X-ray of the same patient. An advanced generalised destruction of the supporting bone tissue is evident. One of the most important topics in periodontal diagnosis in the next future will be to create microfluidic chips allowing healthcare providers in poorly equipped hospitals and areas of the world.
 A representative T2 flair magnetic resonance image of the brain showed abnormal signal and mass effect involving the head of the left caudate with hyperintensity measuring 2.5 × 2 cm extending into the surrounding white matter and along the external and extreme capsules. The anterior aspect of the putamen is involved along with the anterior limb of the internal capsule and the superior anterior aspect of the globus pallidus. There is an area of similar mass effect and abnormal T2 signal involving the posterior superior aspect of the right caudate head, caudate tail measuring approximately 8 mm in width and approximately 1.3 mm anterior posterior.
 Specimen radiographic appearance of the jaw eliciting the multilocular radiolucency with root resorption postero-anteriorly
 Coronal view of the abdomen and pelvis CT demonstrating transplant kidney in the right lower quadrant and transplant kidney ureter in the femoral hernia. This image also demonstrates hydronephrosis and mesenteric stranding indicating incarceration of the transplanted kidney ureter.
 Radiograph of a 24-year-old male patient after a cycling accident; dislocation of the AC joint (Rockwood V).
 Post-distraction panoramic radiograph (Hemi-Wing distraction)
 Enhanced magnetic resonance imaging of head revealed bilateral cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres abnormal meningeal enhancement.
 Chest computed tomography scan revealed osteolytic lesions in the right 7th rib with surrounding soft tissue swelling.
 The lesion was showed in the chest x ray
 Computed tomographic scan of the left adrenal leiomyoma measuring 4.1x2.7 cm (anterior to kidney).
  A Transtemporal insonation of the third ventricle: landmark structures are both thalamic nuclei (N th) and the pineal gland (Gl pin); the third ventricle is located between the thalami and indicated by the two hyperechogenic lines.
 Postoperative MRI following right orbitozygomatic craniotomy for tumor resectionAxial T1-weighted MRI with contrast showing near total resection.
 MRI Interpretation: Large partially thrombosed 25 mm basilar artery aneurysm without evidence of rupture. There is an acute or early subacute infarct within the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery distribution. There is also a questionable small focus of acute or early subacute infarct at the left posterolateral pontomedullary junction. There is no hydrocephalus or herniation.
 55-year-old male with cervical spine spondylodiscitis. Lateral radiograph shows a triangular fragment of bone anterior to C3 (black arrow) with collapse of C3 on C4 and marked prevertebral soft tissue thickening.Closer review reveals irregularity of the endplates of C3 and C4 and local resorption of bone (white arrow), suggesting a more chronic process.
 MRI brain coronal view shows diffuse meningeal enhancement.
 Scanner du fémur droit (coupe axiale) montrant une exostose fémorale antérieure pédiculée, en conflit avec le muscle vaste latéral et fracture
 Sagittal magnetic resonance imaging of the thoracolumbar spine on day 5 after the abdominal surgery and epidural anesthesia. Note the absence of canal compromise, edema or bleeding.
 63-year-old woman with intracystic papillary carcinoma of the right breast. Right MLO view of a well circumscribed mass (arrow).
 Magnetic resonance imaging post-treatment
 Marked anterior, median and posterior areas
 Contrast media extravasation and bowel loop pooling was observed on the CT cystography taken with the patient in the prone position with undiluted contrast media.
 Transthoracic Echocardiogram of a Patient with Tuberous Sclerosis ComplexTransthoracic echocardiogram in short axis demonstrates an echogenic mass in the midseptal region of the right ventricle (red arrow). Additional punctate echogenic foci are also identified (blue arrows). RV = right ventricle; LV = left ventricle.
 Postoperative abdomen scan before everolimus treatment.
 Cloverleaf skull sign.Coronal CT image of infant with thanatophoric dysplasia shows trilobular cranium that looks like cloverleaf.
 MCUG image (anterio-posterior view) showing a dilated posterior urethra (arrow), bladder trabeculations (*) and right vesicoureteric reflux. The dilated posterior urethra assumes a “spinning top”/ “electric bulb” appearance (arrow).
 Periapical radiographic images immediately after root canals obturation
 Bronchoscopic image showing submucosal growth in midtrachea with electrocautery probe in situ
 Fulcrum bending radiograph before anterior release.
 2D sonogram of left kidney in midsagittal scan revealing small-sized kidney with loss of corticomedullary definition and thus making its distinction from surrounding tissue difficult in 4-year-old, spayed, female Boxer dog.
 Chest radiograph taken after extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) cannulation. A 10 Fr-cannula is placed in the right internal jugular vein and a 12 Fr-cannula in the right femoral vein.
 Stenotic segment determined in the right vertebral artery distal according to the MR angiography.
 Undifferentiated carcinoma, sarcomatoid variant of the head of the pancreas: computed tomography scan of the abdomen shows a lesion of the head of the pancreas head with cystic and solid parts.
 Hand magnetic resonance imageA hand magnetic resonance image demonstrating an enhancement at the distal phalangeal bone and soft tissue edema.
 Gastric lymphoma. Axial CT of the abdomen, showing thickening of the wall of the lesser curvature of the stomach (broad arrow), together with regional lymph node involvement (narrow arrow).
 Chest x-ray showing multiple relatively thick-walled cystic air spaces in the left perihilar region.
 Non contrast brain CT scan of our patient at the time of admission. Note the bilateral hypodensities, which fit the area of the lenticular nucleus (putamen and globus pallidus) on both sides. There is also small hyperdensity at the right globus pallidus (black arrow). This prompted the physician to suspect an infectious process instead of a vascular one. Our patient had bilateral infarction of the lenticular nucleus with early hemorrhagic transformation inside the right one.
 Image from computed tomography angiogram of the proband demonstrating cirrhosis and splenomegaly. (The red arrow indicates liver mass of proband and the white arrow indicates the spleen).
 Axial post-operative CT scan demonstrating orbital decompression.
 Dorsoventral angiogram of the cerebral arterial circle of a donkey. A connection is seen from the second curve of the right internal carotid artery to the caudal communicating artery (red arrow). 1 internal carotid artery; 2 caudal communicating artery; 3 external carotid artery
 Magnetic resonance imaging lumbosacral spine, axial section, T1-weighted image showing conus tethering at the previous surgical exploration site
 T2 weighted FLAIR images of magnetic resonance scan showing bilaterally symmetrical hyperintensities in Caudate nucleus (small, thin arrow), Putamen (long arrow), with sparing of Globus Pallidus (broad arrow), suggestive of Extrapontine myelinolysis.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen showing enlarged adrenal glands, the left gland measured 6.8 × 6.7 × 2.7 cm.
 Enhanced T1–weighted magnetic resonance image showing a 5-cm epidural collection with adjacent osteolytic lesions in the left frontal area.
 Case 2: Six weeks post-operatively, with satisfactory placement of the SRA.
 View of the laparoscopic bladder repair done in 2 layers of absorbable suture.
 Chest X-ray showing miliary mottling.
 Peri-apical radiograph of the mandibular left central incisor showing the inverted V-shaped talon cusp.
 Optic coherence tomographic image of the optic nerve head: The Bruch´s membrane opening reference plane was defined as the red line between “A” and “B”. The angle between this line and the horizontal was defined as the angle of the optic disc rotation (as based on Bruch´s membrane opening plane).
 Immediate post-operative radiograph of the left shoulder after wide resection.
 Chest radiograph just after intubation
 Transthoracic Apical 4 chamber view depicting abnormal cardiac anatomy
 Lateral radiograph of elbow of 12 year old child showing missed Monteggia fracture
 Sagittal T2-weighted magnetic resonance image, which shows intact ACL fibers with ganglion cyst (arrow).ACL: anterior cruciate ligament
 CT scan transverse view. A retrocaecal soft tissue mass is seen pushing the caecum anteriorly ().
 Joint capsule thickness measurement on T2-weighted fat-suppressed oblique coronal imaging. Capsular and synovial thickness of axillary recess was measured by distance between the high signal fluid and the outer border of the capsule in perpendicular direction to the capsular configuration (arrow).
 A high-resolution computed tomography showing a high-density foreign body in the right intermediate bronchus extending through the bronchial wall with irregular wall thickening and narrowing
 Figure 1: 22wk prenatal US showing pseudo double bubble.
 Selective Coronary Angiography of the Left Coronary System Showing a Feeding Artery (Arrow) Originating From the Left Circumflex Artery Supplying the Left Atrial Mass Visualized in the Early Phase
 Axial contrast-enhanced computerized tomography abdomen image showing edematous gallbladder wall (arrow). Note free fluid in the abdomen
 Axial CT scan in lung window setting showing air space consolidation with air bronchogram in the right upper lobe.
 A 73-year-old man with an arteriovenous malformation of the inferior mesenteric artery; abdominal ultrasound revealed a portal vein (white arrow) in the high limit of normality (15 mm).
 Simple pneumocephalus
 Complete atelectasis of the left lung caused by an intrathoracic stomach and a left-sided pneumothorax
 Chest radiograph showing mediastinal widening, bilateral pleural effusion (open arrows), prominent interstitial lung markings (oval), and Kerley B lines (curved arrows)
 Arthroscopic appearance of bicompartmental bucket-handle tears (arrows).
 Examination of the short axis of the supraspinatus tendon to measure its thickness and check the hyperechoic fibrillar pattern.
 Abdominal X-ray showed the biofragmentable anastomosis ring fragment (arrows) on 20th postoperative day.
 A 3.1 × 2.0 cm left pelvic mass concerning for malignancy is seen compressing the bladder and displacing the left distal ureter anteriorly.
 Ultrasound scan showing SKATER drainage tube in pleural effusion.
 Sigmoid diverticulitis mimicking a sigmoid cancer (white arrows) with left ureteral involvement resulting in hydronephrosis (white arrowheads)
 Left horizontal incompletely impacted third molar without lamina dura with radiolucency below the crown in a 51-year-old man.
 Laterally inverted OPG. The “L” indicated by the arrow means left. OPG = Orthopantomographs
 Radiograph showing lower end of humerus (periostitis) and proximal ends of radius and ulna (metaphysitis).
 Contrast enema showed a long irregular stenotic lesion of the ascending colon.
 Ultrasound image of a superficial encapsulated lipoma with vascularity seen along the internal septae. The local reporting radiologist referred this lesion due to the internal vascularity. MDT determined the lesion benign on the basis of imaging and clinical information.
 Coronal section of CT scan of abdomen, showing gastric mass near pylorus with no local invasion outside the gastric mucosa.
 Preop CT.
 A computerized tomography scan slice of the pelvis demonstrating a lesion in the sacral bone (asterisk) with cortical destruction and infiltration of the spinal canal.
 X-ray in the frog position revealing subchondral lysis (Caffey's sign) in the right hip
 Metacorpal region
 An optimal PTG without significant distortion or errors of a patient with developing wisdom teeth
 Axial CT slice showing no anterior or posterior displacement.
 44-year-old female with nondisplaced medial tibial plateau fracture. Axial CT demonstrates a fracture through the medial plateau (arrow).
 Post n-BCA Trufill glue embolization of pancreatic fistula.
 Coronal magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated abscess in right parotid region.
 Native image of the angiogram in anteroposterior view showing two Catch Mini devices (placed simultaneously) extending from the posterior cerebral arteries to the midbasilar segment.
 Magnetic resonance imaging with venography prior to discharge, demonstrating marked recanalization and improved flow signal (arrow).
 Transesophageal echocardiographic image recorded during delivery cable detachment. The delivery cable (arrowhead) and the end of the delivery cable (arrow) are easily visualized in the ampulla of the PDA. Ao, descending aorta; MPA, main pulmonary artery.
 A computed tomographic scan of the abdomen shows mural thickening involving the prepyloric antrum and duodenal bulb with focal obliteration of the fat plane between the pancreas head and gastric antrum.
 Anteroposterior view
 Postoperative sagittal T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging showing the reduced spinal cord with no evidence of herniation.
 Neuroimage of the patient IPR performed early in the disease.
 CT chest showing left pleural mass.
 Abdominal CT scan. Note the absence of splenomegaly and formation of collateral vessels, suggesting the low likelihood of portal hypertension. Evidence of liver cirrhosis is not clear, although there is a large volume of ascites.
 MRI brain demonstrating Chiari II malformation with severe herniation of the cerebellar tonsils.
 Abdominal computed tomography showed that spleen was enlargement, uneven density. Abundant hypodensity shadow was found. The infarction area was over 80% of whole spleen.
 Scissor-knot-pusher being pulled out as it would be to get both ends of the suture outside a trocar.
 Follow up CT after 3 months.
 Postoperative head computed tomography (CT) scan of a patient who underwent surgical neck clipping for a right anterior choroidal artery aneurysm which showed atherosclerotic change in the parent artery and aneurysmal neck. He then developed neurologic deficits postoperatively. It shows a low-density lesion of the right internal carotid artery territory. Right cerebral swelling creates a mass effect, resulting in midline shifting and ipsilateral ventricle compression.
  Radiograph of both hands. Note the prominent erosion in the left 2nd MCP.
 Lymphoma involving both kidneys. Axial gadolinium-enhanced T1-WI demonstrates lymphomatous infiltration of the retroperitoneum with extension to perinephric space bilaterally.
 Axial computed tomography sections at the level of orbits showing left orbital preseptal soft tissue swelling or phlegmon
 Abdominal CT scan obtained 5 days post-embolization shows artifact from metallic coils within the splenic artery and a nonenhancing spleen, compatible with splenic infarction (arrow). [Powerpoint Slide]
 Metastatic lesion involving occipital bone
  Case 1: Preoperative computed tomography coronal section showing right side parapharyngeal mass extending up to skull base.
 Thyroid mass at the level of the inflated endotracheal tube cuff; the cuff at this level is presumed to be stenting the tracheal airway surrounding the tube. Due to the emergent nature of the case, an extubated radiograph was unable to be obtained.
 Apical two-chamber view showing heterogenous echogenic irregular vascular mass lesion in the endocardium with normal apical mobility.
 59-year-old male with single ventricular lead pacemaker. PA chest radiograph discloses lead fracture and dislodgement of lead fragment into hepatic vein.
 The cecum is at the right upper quadrant. Note staples from appendectomy.
 Intravenous urography - five minutes film (15 November 1989) showed prompt excretion of contrast and undilated pelvicalyceal systems.
 LGE-CMR, two-chamber view: Diffuse patchy transmural as well as subepicardial late gadolinium enhancement
 Magnetic Resonance (MR) demonstrated anterior meningocele
 Angio IRM: thrombose au dépend du sinus transverse gauche
 Postoperative panoramic radiograph after surgery. Alloplastic temporomandibular joint reconstruction combined with partial mandibulectomy was performed
 Fetus with septad cystic hygroma and hydrops fetalis
  MRI (lateral view. STIR) findings showing increased signal intensity lesion of the shoulder girdle muscles indicating the presence of pyomyositis around the right shoulder
 Coronal fast-spin-echo magnetic resonance image of the left knee in a patient following a slip and fall revealed a loose body in the suprapatellar pouch of the knee consistent in shape with the tip of the tibial polyethylene post.
 MRCP Coronal HASTE 2D. The scan shows the fusiform dilatation of the Wirsung duct at the head of the pancreas and the cystic lesion. The blue arrow indicates the lesion.
 Coronal reformatted arterial phase contrast-enhanced multidetector CT image demonstrates multiple enteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (arrows) in a patient with MEN-1. These tumors and their metastases are often hypervascular. They are usually more conspicuous in the early arterial acquisition phase
 Tubular foreign body in the trachea
 Left cerebellum voxel localization.
 Coronary angiogram showing origin of right coronary artery, RV marginal, and LAD artery from right coronary cusp ostium. LAD indicates left anterior descending; RCA, right coronary artery; RV, right ventricle.
 Abdominal computed tomography. Abdominal computed tomography revealed a heterogeneous hypodense mass of the spleen with suspected necrotic changes.
  Contrast-enhanced CT scan showing a complex and heterogeneous pelvic mass with inner vegetations and septations in the anatomic site of the right adnexa (max diameter 17 cm), not dissociable from uterus and contiguous bowel (asterisk: pelvic mass; arrows: vegetations and septations; u: uterus).
 Chest X-ray suggestive of increased opacity in left lower zone
 Butterfly or H-sign in 57-year-old woman who had received radiation therapy for cervical carcinoma with stage IIA 13 months ago. There are increased uptakes in both sacral alae (long arrow) and sacral body (short arrow) on bone scintigraphy.
 Computed tomography (CT) of head: axial view through the orbit.Blue arrow: tree branch in the left orbit extending into the nasal cavity, ethmoidal air cells, and right sphenoid sinus via the medial orbital wall.
 Anterior-posterior radiograph of 11-year-old boy with a diaphyseal fracture of right femur.
  Postoperative X-ray at one year postoperative for her right hip (two years for her left hip) showing bilateral primary total hip arthroplasty with uncemented acetabular shell and modular femoral components with radiographic union for both pertrochanteric fractures.
 At oropharyngeal level, a giant air collection on the left side.
 Time of flight MRI angiography shows absence of both vertebral arteries with a persistent primitive hypoglossal artery (white arrow) arising from the left internal carotid artery (arrowhead)
 Axial T2-weighted image with fat saturation demonstrating a patellar-sided medial patellofemoral ligament tear (thin arrow) with thickening of the lateral patellofemoral retinaculum. A large osteochondral defect and bone contusion is present along the medial patella (thick arrow).
 © Robert Weber/The New Yorker Collection/www.cartoonbank.com.
 Posterior–anterior plain radiograph shows an ill-defined osteolytic lesion (arrow) without sclerotic margin in the medial part of left clavicle with soft-tissue swelling above the lesion.
  Ultrasound of patient 1. Longitudinal section of a color Doppler ultrasound shows normal testis (white arrow) in the right hemiscrotum and a 1.5cm oval mass in the right hemiscrotum (black arrow), adjacent to the upper pole of the right testis and slightly compressing the epididymis (blue arrow). This mass has the same echogenicity and normal flow as the testis nearby.
 Left internal carotid artery stenosis (cavernous part)
 Enhanced CT revealing enlargement and cystic low-density shadow of head of pancreas.
 Parasternal long-axis view showing a high take-off of the RCA with a partial intramural course. Arrow: ostium of the RCA, arrow head: level where a normal RCA takes off. RCA = right coronary artery.
 Typical image in the form of a hook or S-shaped on ascending pyelography.
 Anterior segment spectral domain-optical coherence tomography scan demonstrating the re-migration of the dexamethasone implant int o the posterior segment
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the pelvis on a patient with 17 years of follow-up on the right side and 16 years on the left side.
 Control magnetic resonance imaging 2 weeks after the onset of the symptoms; fluid-attenuated inversion recovery image showing the diminution of increased signal at the medial parts of both thalami.
 Supraglottic SCC – epiglottis. Axial contrast CT image shows a lobulated enhancing epiglottic mass filling the preepiglottic space (black asterisk)
 Magnetic resonance image of cervical region, sagittal section.
 Positron emission tomography (PET) CT with intensely hypermetabolic 5.2 × 3.8 cm homogeneous anterior mediastinal mass (SUV max 15.94).
 High density within left middle cerebral artery territory, corresponding to the site of arterial occlusion.
  Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging cine in short-axis view cutting through the LA. Note the small flap arising from the region of the atrial septum and pointing toward the LA/IVC (black arrow). The direct junction of the IVC and the LA can be visualized.
 A migrated coil (arrow) was seen on simple abdominal radiograph.
 A lateral (scapular Y-view) radiograph of the left shoulder joint demonstrating the exostosis protruding into the subacromial space.
 Computerized tomography (CT) of the orbit showing punctate calcification of the lesion and anterior globe displacement
 43-year-old woman with protruding anal lesion diagnosed with melanoma of the rectum. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan images of pelvis shows heterogeneous mass lesion in rectum with extension into mesorectal fat (white solid arrow).
 Angiogram after vascular plug employment.
 Micturating cystourethrogram (lateral view) showing grade V vesicoureteral reflux and a contrast filled tract between the urinary bladder and the umbilicus consistent with patent urachus
 A magnet, rein exposure.
 CT Scans Revealing an Osteolytic Lesion With Erosion of the Inner and Outer Skull Tables, and Expansion of the Diploic Space in the Right Temporal Area
 Sagittal fat-saturated T2-weighted image from a magnetic resonance arthrogram demonstrates a hypointense filling defect in the olecranon fossa, consistent with a loose body (arrow).
 Chest X-ray showing herniated colon in the left hemithorax
  CT in the sagittal plane after administration of iodinated contrast medium in the neovagina shows the size, shape, location, and intestinal pattern of the walls, as well as the excellent distention. The study confirms the absence of contrast leaks in the stump.
 Echocardiogram on day 1 of admission showing massive pericardial effusion present globally around the heart.
 X-ray hands show evidence of osteopenia and uneven fingers.
 Computed cranial tomography image of the patient showing a swelling at the right parietal area and a small defect of the bone.
 Radiographie préopératoire, montrant la destruction ostéo-cartilagineuse à gauche avec pincement globale de l‘interligne articulaire coxo-fémorale, érosion sous chondrale, déformation en forme de champignon de la tête fémorale avec ascension du grand trochanter
 Subsequent cranial MRI showed resolution of the abnormal enhancement in the cavernous sinus area seen on the initial cranial MRI.
 Orbital magnetic resonance: a frontal plain image showing left orbit foreign body.
 Celiac angiography revealed a hypervascular tumor with proliferation of fine tumor vessels (which also showed nodular and mosaic features) at the S4/8 region of the liver, just below the dome of right diaphragm.
 Pelvic MRI two months after completion of antibiotic therapy reveals no inflammatory change.
 Lesions in the right posterior temporal–parietal region.
 Chest computed tomography scan demonstrated one large cystic mass in the left lung (arrow) and two in the right lung (white arrow).
 Post-operative radiograph showing reduction of periapical radiolucency after 1 year following
 Enhanced T1-weighted magnetic resonance image showing focal meningeal enhancement (arrow) in the right parietal lobe.
 A bifid median nerve (arrow) in the carpal tunnel
 Non-clearing vitreous hemorrhage but attached retina three months after vitrectomy.
 Computed tomography showing subcutaneous enphysema and extensive pneumomediastinum with mild septation, unchanged lung parenchyma (sagittal cut)
 Sonogram of the popliteal vein shows a large occlusive thrombus (circled) observed in a noncompressible left popliteal vein.
 Computed tomography scan showing bilateral perirenal hematoma.
 Axial slices of a NCCT showing an abnormally collapsed bladder with a thickened wall
 Computed tomography (CT) scan showed the tumor involved the subcutaneous to muscular layers, and had uniform density and a clear tunica.
 Initial X-ray of the right pelvis showing only a slight joint space narrowing with affection of the acetabulum and the femoral head.
 Chest x-ray
 Infrapatellar bursitis. A 28-year-old male with anterior knee pain. Sagittal fat-saturated T2W image shows triangular pocket of fluid (arrow) between distal patellar tendon and anterior tibia. There is also bone contusion in lateral femoral condyle and fluid in suprapatellar recess (arrowheads), resulting from transient lateral patellar dislocation
 Trans-Axial T2-Weighted MR Image Shows Heterogeneously Hyperintense Lobulated Mass Lesion in the Head and Uncinate Process of the Pancreas (White Arrow).
 Chest X-ray shows a ruptured hydatid cyst masked by surrounding pneumonitis and an air-fluid level mimicking lung abscess.
 Retethering
 Pervasion of Asthapana Basti with enema pot method
 MRI revealed no epiphyseal invasion.
 Abdominal distention and irregular contraction
 X-ray (RAO 0°): prior to tricuspid valve repair using the MitraClip system – steerable guide and clip delivery system placed in right ventricle, clip arms open. TEE probe in transgastric position. Acurate TA Aortic Bioprosthesis implanted
 CT scan of the head showed extensive low attenuation with mild mass effect predominantly affecting white matter bilaterally
 Plain erect X-ray images of the abdomen show multiple air-fluid levels in the intestine (arrow head).
 Patient 5. Atypical peri-implant fracture at the proximal end of a plate used to fix a midshaft fracture of the femur.
 Control DSA showed persistent aneurysmal sack filling after implantation of self-expandable covered stent due to incomplete aneurysmal neck covering.
 Postoperative radiograph.
 Coronal MR image of a 51-year-old male patient who has presented due to an incidentally diagnosed left renal mass. Tumor was measuring 2 cm in its greatest dimension and R.E.N.A.L. score was 8. He was managed by off-clamp RANSS. Eventual histopathologic diagnosis was Fuhrman grade 3, pT1a, and papillary RCC.
 Alternatively, in cases of difficulty, the surgeons grab and elevate the abdomen with 2 Kocher forceps to prevent it from sliding and slipping away from the skin at the trocar entry site.
 CT PNS showing the perforation of right side of hard palate
 EUS elastography of normal pancreas EUS. Elastographic imaging of normal pancreas is characterized by uniform, homogenous green color distribution (representing intermediate stiffness).
 Transthoracic echocardiogram in the off-axis parasternal view revealed a larger cystic mass
 Due to persistent fluid discharge postoperatively, further abdominal CT revealed fluid collection within the abdominal cavity. A percutaneous drainage was inserted and massive pus-like fluid was drained.
 Reformatted CT scan of intramural haematoma of jejunum. This image reformatted in the coronal plane shows the full extent of the abnormal bowel (arrows). A relatively long segment of abnormal bowel (around 20 cm) is typical. There is free fluid around the spleen in the left upper quadrant.
 Isolated Skeletal metastasis at the medial end of left clavicle in a treated distal radius GCT seen 4 years after the surgery
 CT image obtained 7 months prior to current admission shows progression of bronchiectasis with cystic bronchiectasis in the right lower lobe (arrowhead).
 27-year-old young woman with mucinous cystadenocarcinoma.The tumor shows oval shape, predominantly cystic nature, heterogeneous moderate to marked enhancement (white arrow) and intratumoral papillary projection (white arrow). Ascites is also detected (white arrow).
 Round ligament fibroma (leiomyoma).
 Computed tomography obtained on admission day showed hepatic portal venous gas (thick arrow) and air within the gastric wall (thin arrow)
 Parasternal short axis view showing left atrial appendage extension
 A 22-gauge spinal needle was advanced below the L2 vertebral pedicle under the fluoroscopic guide.
 MRI of the spine. Axial T1-weighted post-contrast injection image: the mass occupies the entire cross-section of the spinal canal
 What appeared to be the gallbladder proved to be the common bile duct after contrast injection.
 Ultrasonography image demonstrated a whorl of concentric vessels in the region of splenic hilum. Note a spleen of ectopic position
 Patient - 1 Radiograph showing mercury deposit
 Sutura frontomaxillaris (arrow), angulated coronal multiplanar reconstruction.
 Selective angiography with digital subtraction of LSA after successful stenting. Observe normal opacification of LMA.
 Abdominal computed tomography showed thickened gall bladder (GB) wall and distension of GB with GB stone.
 Transthoracic echocardiography at parasternal short axis view shows the one lateral commissural attachment to the aorta posteriorly in diastole
 Transabdominal sonograms showing a well-circumscribed giant meconium cyst. Note the multiple brightly echogenic internal echoes and layering (image to the left). The deuodenum (short arrows) and liver (block arrow) are normal. The compressed urinary bladder is indicated by curved arrow.
 Air fluid levels on the erect abdominal radiograph suggestive of intestinal obstruction
 Arthroscopic image of an elbow showing the posterolateral recess of the joint, thus enabling access to the head of the radius
 74-year-old man with Meckel's diverticulitis. CT axial images with oral and intravenous contrast. A fluid filled diverticulum associated with the neighboring bowel can be seen at the midline (arrow). (axial CT movie stack, QuickTime, 540 KB)
 Initial chest X-ray showing the huge mass in the anterior mediastinum (asterisk).
 6 Month post-operative view of the patient showing continued overgrowth at the L condyle, with a left sided open bite. The image shows that this change has not been as a result of failure of fixation.
  Chest X-ray on POD 7 shows massive atelectasis in the left lower lobe.
 Gray-scale USG shows hepatomegaly with diffusely increased echogenicity and a well-defined predominantly hypoechoic mass (arrows) in segment VI of the right lobe of the liver
 Abdominal radiograph of a 33-year-old female with thoracic SCI from a motor vehicle collision 15 years prior shows superior subluxation of the left femoral head (black arrow) due to spasticity. The right femur (white arrow) is normally aligned
 Postoperative radiograph shows intrapelvic migration of K-wire with remaining broken part of K-wire.
 Postoperative CT abdomen demonstrating PTFE bolster on left kidney.
 Axial USG image shows a linear echogenic focus (arrow) with a reverberation artifact (arrowhead) at the gall bladder fundus
 A computed tomography scan shows the fractured pedicles of L3
 Radiological appearance of the feet.
 Abdominal magnetic resonance image showing the right adrenal mass.
 CT of the upper abdomen focal lesions in the spleen. Note associated para aortic nodes (arrows).
  Fetal ultrasound at 29 weeks and 2 days, after episode of diabetic ketoacidosis at 25 weeks, demonstrating significant lateral ventricular dilatation. White matter loss and extra-axial fluid are not well visualized.
 Working length determination radiograph
 Dissecting celiac artery aneurysm. DSA image shows celiac aneurysm with compromised true lumen (small arrow). Left gastric artery (large arrow) is originating proximal to the dissecting aneurysm
 Right diaphragmatic hernia. A 77-year-old male patient with history of a road side accident 3 years ago presented with breathlessness. Contrast-enhanced axial CT image shows herniation of the liver (White arrow) and the colon (Black Arrow) through a right-side diaphragmatic rupture
 Axial T1WI Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showing hypo intense, multicystic lesion about 9 × 8 × 7 cm in size, with multiple daughter cysts with multiple daughter cysts in relation to the right seminal vesicle
 Anteroposterior view of right shoulder 10 weeks after the primary injury, revealing malalignment of fracture ends and attempts at formation of primary callus (arrow).
 Axial reconstruction of a portal-phase angio-CT showing portal aneurysm located in the portal bifurcation
 Showing increased tracer uptake with Tc99m after 20 minutes after IV contrast in patient #2
 The impacted third left, mandibular molar was thought to be the cause of infection.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph showing obturation in 12 with intact lamina dura
 Six months follow-up radiograph
 Case 1: OPG showing type 1 transmigration of the canine
 CT revealing a mass (arrow) occupying almost the entire nasopharyngeal space. CT, computed tomography.
 Pelvic X-Ray
 Computed tomogram of the neck showing a disruption of tracheobroncheal wall.
 Panoramic radiograph (Case 3) showing congenitally missing tooth 41, presence of mandibular mesiodens and taurodontism in first permanent molars at 9.2 years
 A posteroanterior x-ray taken 6 months after posterior fixation of L5-T6.
 Shows both liver and splenic injuries indicated by arrows.
 Coronal multiplanar reformatted contrast-enhanced CT image showing a mass in the gallbladder, with intrahepatic biliary radicle dilatation (white arrow) and colonic infiltration (black arrow) causing intestinal obstruction.
 A representative case of TFB (arrow) detected by chest CT scan.Abbreviations: TFB, tracheobronchial foreign body; CT, computed tomography.
 Radiograph of lumbo-sacral vertebrae and pelvis shows bamboo like bony bridge, narrowed intervertebral space, fusion of both sacroiliac joints and extreme deformity of both hip joints
 This is a panoramic ultrasound image of a similar effusion and demonstrates the image acquired with the transducer in the midline sagittal plane. 1 Subcutaneous fat; 2 Quadriceps; 3 Effusion; 4 Prefemoral fat pad; 5 Femur; 6 Patella; 7 Acoustic shadow.
 Diagnosis through ultrasonography on routine check-up. Colorscore 1 and Whipped cream characteristic.
 Posteroanterior radiograph of the giant pulmonary hydatid cyst, which pushed the heart to the right side, with an appearance similar to pleural effusion.
 Chest radiography showed a well-defined nodular opacity in right upper hemithorax (arrow) and consolidation at right lower lobe (asterisk).
 Lateral cephalogram showing type 4 (straight line) pattern of soft palate.
 CT (coronal view).
 Arrow indicating appendiceal stump with inflammatory changes.
 Phthisis bulbi in a 63-year-old man with a history of left ocular trauma during infancy. Axial US image shows a small, crenated, shrunken-looking ocular globe with calcified walls (arrows). Cataracts and partial lens dislocation (asterisk) are also seen
 A transesophageal echocardiogram demonstrating a multifenestrated atrial septal defect with four openings (arrows)
 MRI reveals left temporomandibular joint surrounded by thickened soft tissue
 Control urethrocystography (2 weeks later). Examination performed with the patient supine. Contrast which is given through Pezzer catheter fills bladder without outflow. Urethra also has not been revealed on these scans.
 There was no fusion between the coronoid processes and zygomatic arches on the coronal slices with an open mouth
 Right coronary angiogram showing a superdominant right coronary artery with double posterior descending arteries
 Intraoral periapical radiograph working length
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography-left suprarenal mass showing rim-like enhancing capsule
 Endoscopic ultrasound showing a 7.1 x 6.7 cm anechoic cystic lesion with an irregularly thick wall and multiple mural nodules in the pancreatic body. No pancreatic duct dilatation or obvious communication with the main pancreatic duct was noted.
 Brain MRI of the patient showing a low T1 signal intensity lesion (day 14).
 DSA.
  T2-weighted magnetic resonance image of the left thigh shows pyomyositis. T2-weighted magnetic resonance image of the left thigh taken in the sagittal plane reveals a multi-loculated mass in the medial aspect that demonstrates high signal intensity.
 This radiograph reveals the patient's destructive lesion in the right distal clavicle.
 Lumina of air bubble going down thorax in previous patient as in Figure 1. This series of CT scans shows landmarks for distance down esophagus.
 High grade thymic carcinoma with mediastinal lymph node enlargement (black arrow) and pleural involvement, including pleural mass (white arrow head) and loculated pleural effusion (white arrow).
 The presence of the huge vegetation on the Contegra bovine leaflet, with dimensions 0.56 × 0.75 cm, in short-axis parasternal view of transthoracic echocardiography.
 Transverse section through fetal sacral region shows parasitic left lower limb at 28th week of gestation.
 Follow-up x-ray at 12-months.
 X-ray of the Right hand with medial rotation.
 Chest X-ray PA view showing right-sided encysted pleural effusion
 Liquefaction necrosis.
 Coronal T2-weighted (TR-600 ms; TE-83 ms) MR image shows cyst contents of intermediate signal intensity (arrow). The lesion is located between the pancreatic tail (P), the left kidney (K), and the left adrenal gland (dashed arrow).
 Stent implanted in the distal segment of SFA.
 Severe mitral regurgitation.
 Coronal STIR MRI image showing high signal change in the right thigh associated with intramuscular oedema.
 HRCT showing no interval change, when compared to CT angiogram, of multiple right upper lobe pulmonary parenchymal nodules, right pleural effusion, and diffuse fibrotic changes. The most prominent nodule measures 1.8 × 1.7 cm.
 Bilateral adrenals nodules, considered metastases.
 Radiograph showing metal bezoar.
 CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis obtained after completion of RTThere has been a drastic decrease in the mass and hypodensities in the pancreatic head (red arrow). The distal pancreatic duct is decompressed (blue arrow). There are multiple, scattered shotty peripancreatic lymph nodes and a stable, peripheral hepatic hemangioma (yellow asterisk). The portal and hepatic vessels appear patent.
 US images showing ruptured hydatid cysts of the liver.
 Sharp edge from the osteotomy for harvesting the graft, one red line marking the osteotomy of the posterior femoral condyle, the crossing line marking the Blumensaat's line: Patient 17, 2 months postoperatively. "R" marks that this is a right knee.
 The two mechanical axes meet at the correction point, which is 62.5 % across the width of tibial plateau. The dashed line shows the weight-bearing axis falling through the middle of the medial compartment. The dashed line is the patient’s current weight-bearing axis
 Standard dose computed tomography (120 kV, 250 mAsec).
 58-year-old woman with suspected pulmonary embolism. Pulmonary angiogram at the completion of contrast injection demonstrates an a large area of contrast extravasation (encircled) in the region of the right pulmonary artery with extension into the middle mediastinum.
 X-ray of a Snapping Turtle (Chelydra serpentina) captured in Tennessee containing a fish hook.Image has been enhanced to improve hook visibility.
 Venous dissection of the left brachiocephalic vein due to short length left internal jugular vein tunneled cuffed catheter
 Tomographic measurement of the version angle in the cranial or supraequatorial portion of the acetabulum.
 14-month-old female child with spinal cord ganglioglioma. Sagittal T2-weighted MR image of the cervical and thoracic spine shows syringomyelia (arrows) rostral to the intramedullary tumor (star). Abnormal hyperintense T2 signal and expansion is noted in the upper cervical spinal cord and brainstem (arrowheads).
 Stone in the left lower ureter
 The computed tomography scan showed thickening of the tumor aspect in the left lumbar ureter (red arrow) of tuberculous origin.
 Computed tomography angiogram of the lower limbs showing a pseudoaneurysm of the second perforating branch of the DFA with femoro-femoral arteriovenous fistula (arrow).
 Computed tomographyof the chest showed a 6.0×4.2 cm mass at the right hilus and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
 Abdominal computed tomography showing para-aortic and pelvic lymph node enlargement.
 CT image (case 2). Herniation (arrow) can be observed through the bone defect caused by DCIA flap harvesting. There are no anatomical barriers to avoid herniation
 Post LAD stenting.
 Tear at metal connector to pump within protective silicone covering.
 In panoramic radiography was revealed unilocular radiolucency in periapical area of anterior mandibular teeth.
 Hydrocephalus with interstitial edema and increased bone marrow signal in T2 weighted MRI
 Non-contrast CT axial view showing hyperdense area of subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) along the interhemispheric fissure.
 T2-weighted MRI image (coronal view) showing orientation of mass (star) to major vessels. Normal kidney (diamond). Aorta (short arrow). IVC (long arrow). Note that aortic bifurcation occurs at level of superior pole of ectopic left kidney.
 Curved multiplanar reformat of computed tomography coronary angiography demonstrating the anomalous left main coronary artery (green arrows) arising from the right coronary cusp then traversing between the aorta and the pulmonary trunk before bifurcating into the left anterior descending and circumflex arteries. LA (left atrium), LV (left ventricle).
 Magnetic resonance imaging brain – FLAIR (fluid attenuated inversion recovery) coronal showing abscess in the right temporal lobe with surrounding edema and squashing of the right lateral ventricle
 Splenic recess is the part of the inferior compartment of the lesser sac that extends to the hilum of the spleen between the gastrosplenic and splenorenal ligaments
 Lateral chest-X-ray after 6 months of reduction. There is a callus-like formation around the dislocated and deducted part of the sternum.
 Abdominal computed tomography findings of gastric gastrointestinal stromal tumor. A 10×8 cm sized homogeneously enhanced, well circumscribed mass which developed from the posterior wall of the gastric antrum was observed.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography image showing the contracted gall bladder (arrowhead) with the subcutaneous collection (asterix).
 Axial T2 weighted MRI image: High signal intensity in left occipital lobe demonstrating acute ischaemic stroke
 Oral and intravenous contrast enhanced computed tomography scan showing the mesenteric mass of the ileal small bowel segment (arrow).
 X-ray showing transfemoral amputation level.
 28-year-old female with malignant peritoneal mesothelioma. Axial, contrast-enhanced CT section of the abdomen in the arterial phase shows a heterogenously enhancing lesion predominantly cystic components in the left adnexa (asterisk).
 Preoperative CT scan: frontal image of the gastro-duodenal trichobezoar
 Angiography showing a short high grade stenosis (arrow) and poststenotic dilatation of the left renal artery.
 EUS revealed enlarged bulky subcarinal lymph nodes (level 7). These lymph nodes are round, hypoechoic, and exhibited shape and distinct borders consistent with malignant involvement (UC 30 P Olympus echoendoscope scanning at 7 MHz)
 Severly displaced proximal humeral epiphyseal separation.
 Pre-contrast T2-weighted image, coronal plane: the characteristic appearance of the implanted muscle with fascia.
 Noncontrast CT: right inguinal hernia containing the bladder wall.
 The suspicious lesion on the screen (Fischer workstation, VABB device).
 The repeated chest radiograph after 4 days of surgery showed the well recruitment of the left lung.
 Gastroscopy showing the catheter inside the stomach in an intrathoracic position (black arrow).
 Contrôle radiologique post opératoire après ostéosynthèse par clou gamma
 Gross tumor volumes (GTVs) for 10 phases were delineated. The figure shows the overlapped GTVs of every phase on the same computed tomography images.
 Axial noncontrast head CT demonstrates enlargement of the lateral ventricles due to meningitis (arrow).
 Initial orthopantomography.
 Cranial MRI 5 weeks after radiotherapy.
 X-ray. Another actual projection. Transthoracic view. Glenohumeral fibrous union
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomographic scan, axial view. Enlargement of palatine tonsils and bilateral hypodense masses with thick rim enhancement. Slight obliteration of the parapharyngeal space.
 The T1 weighted sagittal magnetic resonance image of the lumbar spine demonstrates a slight step-off of the anterior cortical margin of the compressed L1 vertebral body, with decreased marrow signal intensity
 Axial MDCT of an HIV-positive patient presenting with right lower quadrant pain. A discrete caecal mass with ulceration is seen. This proved to be a solitary lymphoma and became the AIDS-defining illness.
 Post-operative result.
 Magnet resonance imaging: axial T2-weighted images showing increased signal intensity in cerebellar hemispheres.
 Left carotid angiography, an extravasation of contrast medium from a branch of distal middle cerebral artery in noted (arrow).
 Chest X-ray in P-A: opacity mass of about 4.5 cm skull-caudal extension in left lateral anterior mediastinum.
 Lateral oblique view demonstrating the lesion
 CT scan revealed a well-defined capsulated mass with cystic aspect in contact with the right renal pelvis. In retroperitoneum there is an ill-defined mass in contact with the psoas and extending to paravertebral space, lumbar subcutaneous tissue and skin (fistulous tract) (arrows). The mass extends from the right diaphragm to the pelvis.
 Bone metastasis in the sternoclavicular joint invading adjacent soft tissues.
 Left adrenocortical carcinoma with renal vein and inferior vena cava tumour thrombus reaching the right atrium. Additional radiological features of malignancy are large size and heterogeneous enhancement.
 3-year follow-up CT shows complete resolution of previous pancreatitis (arrows).
 Arteriogram of the right lateral adrenal artery showing significant adenoma blush (red arrow). Note the presence of anomalous phrenic branch (blue arrows).
 Left side intraoral peri-apical radiograph showing carious maxillary left second molar (27), paramolar and distomolar
 Upright chest X-ray showed a consolidation with cavitation in left upper lobe
 Septic arthritis of left hip showing increased joint space.
 An example of a paraspinal muscle density evaluation using a 6 mm circle in the center of the most preserved muscle mass positioned on the noncontrast axial lumbar spine CT (L5-S1 spinal level) of a 34-year-old male subject.
 Maximal wrist distraction in frame.
  Axial T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the bilateral internal auditory canals and cranial nerves (CNs) VII and VIII. Note the dolichoectatic left vertebral artery with compression of the root entry zone, the left CN VII, and CN VIII that can result in left facial hemispasm.
 Computerized Tomography scan of the abdomen, the tumor is shown to be occupying almost the whole the right lobe of the liver.
 CT scan: double esophageal perforation by ingested meat–bone.
 Chest CT shows a low attenuation endobronchial mass obstructing the anterior bronchus of the right lower lob (coronal view)
 Echographie vésicale montrant un processus intravésical
 On Axial MIP CT image; at the upper and lower branches of the right main pulmonary artery (black arrows) diffuse hypoplasia, left main pulmonary artery (open thick arrow), hypoplasia of the right intermediate and middle lobe bronchus (open long arrow) was detected.
 Computed tomografy scan on March 2009, after 3 cycles of trabectedin.
 Final radiologic view of stents correctly in place.
 Antero-posterior (AP) caudal view showing distal segment of jailed wire being entangled by two BMW wires.
 Chest computed tomography scan on admission showing cancer of the left lung.
 CT axial scan showed flexion-distraction injury and locked facet joint at T11/T12 segments. CT = computed tomography.
 X-Ray of the apparatus.
  Severe adenoid hypertrophy affecting patency of the nasopharyngeal airway as viewed on sagittal slice.
 Histological demonstration of bicuculline injection sites into LHb marked by ß-gal reaction products. CM, central medial thalamic nucleus; cpd, cerebral peduncle; f, fornix; LHb, lateral habenula; MD, mediodorsal thalamic nucleus; MHb, medial habenula; ml, medial lemniscus; mt mammillothalamic tract; LP, lateral posterior thalamic nucleus; opt, optic tract; Po, posterior thalamic nucleus; PVT, paraventricular thalamic nucleus; VPM, ventral posteromedial thalamic nucleus; 3V third ventricle.
 Lymphoma. Axial black-blood T2-weighted image shows a focal mass in the septal leaflet of the tricuspid valve in a patient with B-cell lymphoma
 An ultrasonographic examination of the thyroid gland showed dishomogeneous echoic pattern.
 Increasing metabolic activity in left vertebral artery.
 Black Arrows Point to the Margins of the 42 × 28 mm Hypoechoic, Smoothly Marginated Mass on the Abdominal Ultrasonography
 Axial CT scan section showing herniation of the bladder into the left inguinal region.
 Axial multislice computed tomography (Video 1) showed dilated, right-sided cardiac chambers and a large right coronary aneurysm in the right atrioventricular groove. RA = Right atrium, RV = right ventricle, LA = left atrium, LV = left ventricle, RCA = right coronary artery
 Bile is extravasating from the biliary tree, around the inferior vena cava and right kidney.
 An oval-shaped ossified bone was observed on the left side of the end of the sacrum.
 Follow-up radiograph showing a radio-opaque streak in left ramus area
 Mid treatment orthopantomogram.
 This figure shows the preoperative simple chest radiography.
 Left Ventriculogram After Releasing of ADO in the Perimembranous VSD Shows Well Positioned ADO in Aneurysm of VSD
 Short axis view on transesophageal echocardiography with valve thickening and an attached echogenic mass (vegetation).
 The CT image depicts a soft density lesion adjacent to the root of the SMA and pancreatic head. T = Tumor; A =aorta; VC = vena cava.
 Gallbladder carcinoma in a 70-year-old woman. CT image illustrates an omental cake anterior to the liver with infiltration and nodularity of the omental fat (arrows). The tumour also infiltrates the fat of the lesser sac (arrowheads)
 Coronal contrast-enhanced T1-weighted brain MRI. An enhanced mass was evident in the mandibular branch of the trigeminal nerve coursing through the left foramen ovale (arrowheads), with atrophy of the left masseter and pterygoid muscles (arrows).
 A mediastinal hydatid disease in a 20-year-old man. The axial contrast-enhanced CT scan shows a well-defined, low-attenuation lesion (arrow) that is consistent with type I unilocular hydatid cyst. Compression of the superior vena cava by the hydatid cyst is also seen.
 Preoperative dental X-ray. Typical ameloblastoma features are reported on the right side of the mandible
 Noncontrast CT of kidneys and urinary bladder, performed on day 7 of admission when the three-way urethral catheter was not draining and the patient had developed distension of lower abdomen. The sagittal section showed distended urinary bladder (arrow heads). The tip of the catheter was seen in the urethra (arrow). The misplaced Foley balloon was not seen as CT did not include urethra.
 On this noncontrast axial CT study, at the level of the interspace, a central ossified intradural mass is seen which is separated from the posterior margin of the vertebral body by the interposed hypodense dura. This is the classical image of the “double-layer sign” for OPLL that is highly associated with cerebrospinal fluid fistulas during anterior cervical surgery. This patient developed an intraoperative CSF fistula which was effectively treated with a sewn-in [7-0 Gortex Sutures] dural graft, fibrin sealant, and microfibrillar collagen
 Measurement of the nuchal translucency (NT) thickness on transvaginal ultrasound scan in 12.0 weeks sized fetus.
  Radiograph of the affected shoulder at 4 weeks
 A panoramic radiograph showing a small mandible, hypodontia, and malpositioned dentition
 Solid-cystic ovarian mass with irregular margins and the size of 43×28 mm. Color Doppler examination shows increased blood flow. According to IOTA, the ultrasound image presents a malignant adnexal tumor
 Panoramic radiographic image taken 2 months after exfoliation. No recurrence of bone formation was observed.
 Three-dimensional reconstruction with pseudoaneurysm (arrow) of the common carotid after a stab wound to the neck.
 The procedure of retrieval balloon–assisted enterography for patients who had undergone total gastrectomy with Roux-en-Y reconstruction.
 CTA examination, axial scan shows asymmetrical dilatation of left occipital artery and contrast enhancement of left sigmoid sinus.
 Ultrasonography scans showing a large unicystic mass that has a well-defined wall with anechoic lesion. On an abdominal ultrasonography, a large cystic lesion was found with a thin wall superior to the bladder, composed of homogenous fluid material inferior to the umbilicus.
 Standard size circular region of interest (ROI) loaded over T1-weighted MR image in MaZda after image normalization. The tumour is grade 3 invasive ductal carcinoma in left breast
 Coronal view of popliteal PS of distal anastomosis site of femoral–popliteal bypass.
 Subgaleal abscess with depressed fracture of parietal bone
 Preoperative colon study revealed severely dilated sigmoid colon (arrowheads) and rectal stenosis (arrow).
 This coronal T2 weighted magnetic resonance image of the patient demonstrates a normal homogenous right undescended testicle (small arrow) and a heterogeneous inflamed left undescended testicle (large arrow).
 Accessory muscle (white arrow).
 Two-dimensional echocardiographic image of a dog with mitral prolapse. In this right parasternal long axis four-chamber view, the mitral leaflets, thickened and nodular in appearance, can be noticed bulging into the LA. RA: right atrium; RV: right ventricle; LV: left ventricle; LA: left atrium; and MV: mitral valve.
 Aortic root angiogram showing normally situated left and right coronary ostia, normal left main stem and small, atretic right coronary artery.
 Follow-up X-ray showed multiple fractures of stent struts (type II stent fracture).
 Computed tomographic scan shows tumor destruction of body, pedicle, and lamina of T3 with spinal cord compression.
 CT scan showing a thrombus extending from the internal jugular vein to the right atrium.
 Brain MRI (sagittal): asymmetric T1 hyperintensity of the left putamen (black arrow).
 Preoperative chest X-ray (case 1) showing ECMO catheter and pulmonary venous congestion. ECMO=Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
 MRI axial T2WI-lesion appears hyperintense.
 Twelve-month follow-up radiograph
 Chest X-ray demonstrating bilateral pneumothoraces.
 Chest X-ray with severe widespread cortical bone loss, cysts, and brown tumors (arrows) in ribs, distal third of the clavicle, and humerus for severe cystic fibrous osteitis due to prolonged PHPT.
 Axial black blood image of the superior mediastinum acquired at the time of CMR showing a linear high signal entity in the apical segment of the right upper lobe (solid white arrows) consistent with an incidental azygous lobe fissure
 Coronal CT showing pneumatized bilateral greater wing of sphenoid (star), with protrusion of maxillary nerve bilaterally (arrow). The left maxillary nerve is dehiscent. Note also the protuberant vidian nerves bilaterally (downward curved arrow)
 MRCP showing dilation of pancreatic duct string-of-beads dilation of body and tail of pancreas.
 Reconstruction images of the CT chest showing multiple osteoblastic lesions in thoraco-lumbar vertebrae.
 Preoperative Sister Mary Joseph's nodule ultrasonography: 4 × 4 cm mass confined below the umbilicus (arrows). The main lesion is partly hyperechoic and partly hypoechoic with a poorly defined edge.
 Ultrasonography of the abdomen showing bulky pancreas
 Complete avulsion of the plantar fascia from the calcaneal tubercle.
 Apical four-chamber view showing dilated cardiomyopathy.
 Computed tomographic pulmonary angiogram showing clots in the pulmonary artery
 Gastrograffin swallow demonstrating radio‐opaque LAGB slippage (arrow corresponds to narrowing seen in Figure 1).
 Initial high‐resolution computed tomography (HRCT) showed multiple cysts and nodules with a stellate pattern suggestive of pulmonary Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
 Severe facet arthrosis affecting C3-6 bilaterally (arrows).
 Coronal T2-weighted Fast Inversion Recovery image shows a large cystic mass extending from the right anterior thorax to the axilla (black arrow), and a cystic lesion in the proximal right humerus (white arrow). This right chest mass was surgically excised four years before presentation, and the histopathology revealed thin-walled, dilated lymphatic vessels consistent with a lymphangioma.
 CT scan demonstrating a patient with a stoma and a large incisional hernia with loss of domain.
 Transit œsogastroduodénal en faveur d'un méga œsophage
 Solid hypoechogenic lesion with prevalence of superiorinferior dimension over latero-lateral dimension, giving acoustic shadow, in color Doppler with pathological vessels, with hyperechogenic “halo”, BIRADS-usg 5. In histopathological examination: lobular invasive cancer
 Orthopantomogram shows generalized periodontal bone loss and missing posterior teeth
 Panoramic radiograph showed bilateral pericoronal radiolucencies.
 Immediate postoperative computed tomography scan of the patient who underwent repair of cerebrospinal fluid leak through purely endoscopic pterional extradural approach did not show any retractional injury to frontal lobe
 Non-contrast computed tomography of abdomen showing massively enlarged liver (arrowed) with multiple cysts
 Radiograph showing giant calculi in a 60-year-old woman.
 High-resolution computed tomography scan taken after 10 weeks of peginterferon-α2a treatment showing bilateral linear and lenticular interstitial opacities predominantly in the lung bases and periphery
 Plain abdominal radiograph demonstrating two surgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
 Radiologic findings in the patient at the age of 9 months. Axial contrast-enhanced computed tomography shows left cervical adenopathy (arrows).
 The glistening appearance at the tips and sides of the hair shaft is well appreciated when the hairs are placed against a dark background
 Morphology of phage BtCS33 particles under TEM.The virion was negatively stained with 2% potassium phosphotungstate. The white arrows indicate the putative tail fiber structure.
 CT scan 24 hours post embolisation in delayed venous phase (45 sec), collimation 5 mm showing complete thrombosis of pseudoaneurysm. Hyperdense small round object (arrow) consistent with coils.
 Near infra-red-autofluorescence image of a normal right eye
 Panoramic radiograph showing the oral health status
 Chest radiograph showing bilateral diffuse interstitial infiltrates and airspace opacities of Pneumocystis pneumonia.
 Radiograph of the hands and forearms showing generalized osteopenia, widening of the distal ends of the radius and ulna along with cupping, fraying and splaying of the metaphyses
 Sagittal (Figure 4a) and coronal T1W (Figure 4b) images at follow up show that the mass has largely disappeared. However there is persistent mild thickening of pituitary stalk
 Mandibular true occlusal radiograph
 Standard chest X-ray on the tenth postoperative day. New mantle pneumothorax on the right side with diffuse interstitial infiltrates in mid field of the left lung and left pleural effusion. No cysts or bullae visible.
 Aortography in left anterior oblique view shows abnormal origin of LCA (left coronary artery) and RCA (right coronary artery) from a single ostium of right sinus of valsalva
 Abdominal CT scan of complicated diverticulitis. The arrow shows a sigmoid colon wall infiltration with surrounding air bubbles.
 CECT scan of patient showing large heterogenous mass in left lower lung field with necrosis and calcification.
 Chest X-ray showing gas under the right hemi-diaphragm
 Barbed arrow tip in right tracheo-esophageal groove, pointed out by the black marker. The barbed end lying vertical.
 White line assay (WLA) on King’s B medium. The horizontal streak corresponds to P. tolasii reference strain (JCM21583) whereas the eight vertical bacterial colonies represent isolates proposed to be P. “reactans; 1 = weak white line reaction (WLA +) by P. gingeri (ECAGRI 7 and ECAGRI 8); 2 = strong white line reaction (WLA ++) by P.” reactans” (ECAGRI 1 and ECAGRI 6).
 Post-therapy positron emission tomography/computerized tomography showing complete resolution of the lesions following antibiotic treatment.
 Initial cerebral angiography showing a right P-com. aneurysm.
 Retrograde pyelograms demonstrating bilateral filling defects in both ureters (black arrows).
 AP of the right hip following hemiarthroplasty surgery.
 Computed tomography scan of the thorax showing a cavitary lesion in the upper lobe of left lung containing an aspergilloma
 Hydro-pneumothorax with intercostal drain in situ.
 Overviews of Tl+-uptake in rat brains for WK and NREMS. Shown are frontal hemisections on the level of the dorsal hippocampus arranged as mirror images for WK (left) and NREMS (right). Images were transformed into 8-bit grayscale values and pseudocolored for better visualization, with light colors indicating a high level of Tl+-uptake and vice versa. For quantification of relative Tl+-uptake in cortical fields and the hippocampus, see Table 1. Au auditory cortex, Ect ectorhinal cortex, HP hippocampus, PtA parietal association cortex, RSC retrosplenial cortex, S1BF primary somatosensory cortex, barrel field. Scale bar is 1 mm
 There are multifocal hemorrhages without edema in the right temporal white matter.
 Immediate post-operative x-ray showing congruent joint reduction
 Contrast enhancement in the internal SMA stent was well maintained on contrast-enhanced CT at two weeks after the stenting.
 Plain axial CT scan shows severe right renal parenchymal atrophy, strandings surrounding renal outline with calculi and extensive fatty infiltration
 Post treatment panoramic radiograph of the same patient in figure 2, showing the fully erupted second premolar after CAE, extraction of the adjacent first premolar and fixed orthodontic treatment.
 MRI showing small fluid collection adjacent to right ischial tuberosity suggesting an infective etiology
 Predistraction lateral cephalometric radiograph showing severe maxillary retrusion
 Panoramic radiograph reveals partial maxillectomy.
 Notch sign in the median nerve (arrows) at the level of the transverse carpal ligament
 The Computed Tomography (CT) scan showed a lobulated round nodule in the left upper lobe adjacent to the bronchus measuring 1.8 × 1.6 cm with an absence of significant lymph nodes. It is associated with a focal area of ground glass opacity and mild dilatation with mucus plugging.
 Case 7: chest radiograph obtained after removal of a left-sided tube thoracostomy. The chest radiograph noted a ‘small focal lucency at the right apex that could represent a small loculated pneumothorax.’
 Atlantoaxial magnetic resonance imaging. Arrows point to the intact alar ligaments.
 Computed tomographic axial view of the emphysema in the upper thorax, splaying the vascular bundle and running posterior to the clavicles with widening of the pectoral muscles.
 Labiopalatal (LP) and mesiodistal (MD) root widths of the lateral incisor at level of cementoenamel junction (CEJ)
 Chest CT scan shows hematogenous dissemination of variable sized, multiple nodular opacities with vascular connection in the entire lobe of the right lung.
 Pelvi-abdominal computed tomography showing a large, well-defined, oval mass measuring 23 × 18 × 13 cm in dimensions overlapping the left side of the abdominal cavity
 Implant angle. The midline was drawn by connecting the nasion and anterior nasal spine (yellow line). The implant line extended from the most superior point to the most inferior point of the implant (red line). The angle between these two lines were used to evaluate implant ridigidity.
 Postoperative X-ray, day of primary TSA.
 Six-week intraoral periapical radiograph of the implant showing bone loss mesial and distal to the implant
 CT scan showed a well-defined pancreatic tumor.
 Coronal reformatted computerized tomography image shows multiple fractures of T2 and T3 left laminas
 Fibroadenoma. Follow-up ultrasonography showing hyperechoic, ovoid nodule with circumscribed margins and largest axis parallel to the skin.
 Chest X-ray showing right dominant lung consolidation.
 Chest radiograph at 3-month showing right upper lobe opacity replaced by multiple thin-walled cystic lesions (arrowheads) measuring greater than 4 cm in diameter.
 Chest high-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) of patient 2. A single arrow indicates the newly developed bulla, and a double arrow shows the cavitary nodule in the right upper lobe, which was not identified on the previous HRCT conducted 4 months earlier. A small amount of pneumothorax with pleural effusion was also noted.
 X-ray of hand showing hypoplastic distal phalynx (arrows).
 M-mode of the right atrial mass. M-mode obtained from a subcostal view showing a huge mass in the right atrium prolapsing into the right ventricle during diastole.
 Isolated left incompletely impacted molar without the second molar with acute inflammation in a 52-year-old man.
 Red free fundus photo showing typical angioid streaks.
 Hyperintense areas in subcortical location in Bilateral cerebral hemispheres: Tubers
 Apical 4‐chamber view. Color flow Doppler image showing the semicircle of flow of convergence on the left ventricular side of the mitral valve. The radius of the proximal isovelocity region (dotted line) should be measured from the ventricular side of the mitral valve leaflets to the edge of the hemisphere (arrows).
 Chest x-ray revealed bilateral diffuse infiltration disclosing a presentation of acute respiratory distress syndrome.
 (1) Ilium. (2) Head of femur. (3) Ischial spine. (4) Hematoma. (5) Right obturator internus muscle. (6) Right gluteus maximus. (7) Right trocanter. (8) Gluteus medius.
 Thoracic CT showing diffuse soft tissues emphysema of the neck.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain; axial section of the brain is shown. The image shows normal study of the brain.
 Lateral abdominal radiograph shows the bullet in the pelvic cavity.
 An MRI revealed a large pituitary adenoma responsible for visual loss in both eyes (on top of his POAG).
 Chest x-ray reveals a right side and upper pneumothorax. Arrow landmarks show that right lung is observed to collapse incompletely.
 Coronal reconstruction showing narrowing of trachea by the tracheoesophageal lymph node
 CT scan of the chest demonstrated two spiculated masses in the right upper lobe of the lung.
 Lateral radiograph showing a sclerotic area in the left calcaneus just inferior to the subtalar joint.
 Chest X-ray after emergent intubation on presentation.
 MRI Axial T2 FLAIR section showing similar lesions involving the basal ganglia and the splenium of corpus callosum
 Further imaging with computerised tomography.
 Surgical treatment of an unstable distal clavicle fracture with a joint-spanning implant (Group 1). (Hk: Hook plate, CL: Clavicle, M: Medial fragment, L: Lateral fragment, arrow: Fracture line, Ac: Acromion, H: Humeral head, Co: Coracoid process)
 Abdominal MRI on T1-weighted axial imaging revealed a 1 cm wide heterogeneous metastatic lesion at the left side of posterior L2 and L3 vertebrae corpus.
 Grade I dislocated open fracture of the lower extremity (anterior-posterior).
 The CT image obtained 15 months later discloses no nodule.
 Lateral radiograph of hand.
 MRI of patient 2, a 48-year-old woman with a follicular carcinoma of the thyroid. A lesion is shown in the calcar region of the collum femoris (arrow) suspicious for bone metastasis
 A heterogenous hypodense lesion with adjacent fat stranding in the right inguinal canal was noted on the CT scan.
 Chest X-ray of 4-month old boy shows homogenous opacity (white arrow) on the rightside with mediastinal shift and herniation of left lung (black arrow).
 SBRT plan isodose line of case 1.
 B-mode ultrasound image of axillary lymph node suspected of breast cancer metastasis. Thickened lymph node cortex as well as its reduced echogenicity and hilar blurring are noticeable
 Contrôle radiologique à 4 mois évolution noté bien la consolidation avec une très bonne réduction
 X-ray film demonstrates no bony injury to phalanges (oblique view).
 Follow-up frog view radiograph taken 3 months after the left hip arthroscopy demonstrating Grade 3 heterotopic ossification on the left side.
 Cephalometric radiograph with the cephalometric tracing
 Pre-operative computed tomography scan. Image shows a solid neoformation occupying the right maxillary sinus, erosion of the anterior and posterior walls of the sinus and mass extension to the corresponding right dental roots and the nasal cavity, with compression and deflection of the nasal septum. There was no enhancement after contrast administration.
 Digital subtraction angiography confirming embolized patent foramen ovale occlusion device within abdominal aorta.
 Computerized tomography of the neck showed right internal jugular vein thrombosis (arrow) and right para-pharyngeal venous thrombosis.
 CT scan of the brain showing a large solid cystic lesion in left parieto occipital area enhancing on contrast
 Abdominal plain film radiography demonstrating multiple dilated small bowel loops.
 Case 3. Panoramic radiograph showing severe periodontal destruction and migration of teeth
 Perfusion imaging in a color Doppler mode in a reticular vessel – Sonix apparatus with an electronic linear array transducer of 40 MHz
 Diagram showing the sites of the three positions (P1, P2, and P3) through the mandible. The coronal computed tomography scans were made perpendicular to the mandibular occlusal plane.
 Plain HRCT chest showing calcified and non-calcified lung nodules
 Representative illustration depicting typical triangle-shaped excrescence arising from the posterior aspect of the ilium (posterior iliac horn)– classical finding seen in Nail–patella syndrome
 CT scan showing huge left paraspinal mass on the left side
 Bilateral accessory parotid tissues in a 59-year-old man.A transverse enhanced CT scan shows the bilateral accessory parotid tissues (arrows), which have the same attenuation as the tissue in the main parotid gland.
 Low-resistance flow (RI=0.33) in the wall of the ruptured cystic adnexal tumor
 Postoperative OPG showing relapse in 2008
 The T2 weighted axial magnetic resonance imaging of a Leber's congenital amaurosis patient (case 1) shows the absence of the septum pellucidum, which should normally be present in the area indicated between the black arrows. The hemispheric fissure is intact and indicated by the white arrows.
 Using a Ultimate Bros 3 wire supported by a FineCross catheter to cross the LAD CTO.
 Lateral fluoroscopic image following a barium swallowing exam demonstrating severe esophageal narrowing from a cervical plate, which has migrated off of the anterior cervical spine. This patient presented with dysphagia
 Brain magnetic resonance image (axial view, T1-weighted image with gadolinium) reveals multiple abscesses with regular ring enhancement.
 4 chamber view echocardiogram with color doppler demonstrating marked right atrial and ventricular enlargement. Tricuspid annular dilatation with secondary, moderate tricuspid regurgitation is also noted.
 Percutaneous CT guided drainage of the perinephric abscess.
 Representation of angles measured in an anteroposterior pelvic radiograph.
 Coronal CT scan of the abdomen. The mass showed combination of fat (asterisk), calcification (white arrow) and soft tissue (black arrow).
 The bladder (A) was dissected from the invasive placenta at the lower uterine segment (B). Note the significant distention of the lower uterine segment by the placenta.
 A case of myelofibrosis with ANC of 200/µl. HRCT chest shows multiple small randomly distributed nodules (2-3 mm) in both lungs with tree-in-bud appearance at places suggestive of miliary tuberculosis. Patient′s sputum was positive for AFB
 Radiological aspect of the digital mammogram before surgery. Mammogram illustrating the difficulty in identifying the tumor mass due to the high number of skin neurofibromas.
 Imaging plane 65°, The short axis view demonstrating the IAS, TV and a bicuspid aortic valve. The left main (LM) can be seen in most patients.
 Congenital thymic cyst in a 47-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced CT scan demonstrates a unilocular unenhanced lesion in the anterior mediastinum which shows a homogeneous fluid-attenuation (arrow)
 Coronal image from MRI of the abdomen/pelvis demonstrating atrophic native kidneys with enhancing solid tumors in both kidneys (here, 2 on the right mid-upper pole and 1 on the left upper pole), the largest measuring 3cm x 2.8cm x 3.2cm.
 A neuroma in continuity. The abnormal portion marked by the orange arrows is enlarged and hypoechoic compared to the normal portion of the nerve trunk on the left of the image marked by the white arrow.
 Midsagittal T1-weighted brain MRI from a 28-year-old woman affected by ataxia with oculomotor apraxia type 4This section displays moderate cerebellar atrophy but no evidence of brainstem atrophy.
 Lateral xray Elbow.
 CT colonography depicting extensive diverticular disease and narrowing of the distal sigmoid.
 Left kidney, enlarged to 19.05 cm with multiple cysts – longitudinal view
 Axial T2 Fat saturated MRI representing mass invading right base of tongue extending across the midline involving the right faucial tonsil. Mass shows immediate T2 signal enhancement with bright focus within.
 Cross-section of CT-chest at the level of T2-T3 demonstrating the dilated oesophagus compressing on the trachea (as shown by the arrow)
 Intravenous urography (18 February 2009): Twenty minutes film 10 cm tomogram showed bilateral hydronephrosis and calculus in lower pole of left kidney.
 Case one. Chest computed tomography scan showing several newly developed nodules, the largest being 7 mm in diameter, at the last follow-up examination 33 months after the first surgery.
 Bifurcation stenosis of LAD and Dx and continuation of LAD as PDA.
 Retrieval of sheared PentaRay remnant. Still-frame fluoroscopy image in anteroposterior view demonstrating the Jawz Biopsy Forcep and steerable Agilis sheath directed toward the catheter remnant in the area of the antrum of the right inferior pulmonary vein.
 Early hours of day of life 8. Very hazy, low lung volume (especially right side), massively distended abdomen, large liver and ascites, small gastric shadow, no bowel gas. UVC tip at T10 and to the left hepatic.
 AP radiograph of the pelvis at presentation showing the left hip joint in external rotation, abduction and mild flexion.
 Extensive hemorrhage into sinus cavities.
 Short axis delayed enhancement inversion recovery MR image with phase correction after 55 minutes (SSFP-GRE) post intravenous gadolinium injection shows the large inferolateral and inferoseptal acute myocardial infarction (arrowheads) with a persistent large area of microvascular obstruction (*). The impending rupture site in the lateral left ventricular wall shows delayed enhancement of the thin overlying cover of infracted myocardium (arrow).
 Chest X-ray taken at the first presentation showing milky opacifications in the basal parts of both lungs as well as a scoliosis. Courtesy of Prof. Kahn, Department of Imaging, University Hospital Leipzig.
 Plain abdominal X-ray at admission with multiple body packers (arrows)
 HSG reveals bilateral fallopian tube patency.
 Lateral CXR view demonstrates dilated esophagus and fluid air level (E), contrast medium-filled inflatable inner cuff (C), connecting silicone tube (T) and subcutaneous sutured radiopaque access port (P).
 Preoperative contrast-enhanced computed tomography (axial view) showing peripheral enhancement of the frontal collection.
 Invertogram showing a big gas shadow in the abdomen. Arrow is indicating bowel gas in the urinary bladder through the big fistula.
 63-year-old man with medial impingement.Ankle anteroposterior radiograph shows narrowing of medial gutter caused by bony overgrowth (arrows) at inferior tip of medial malleolus and medial talar neck.
 Herpes virus. FLAIR MRI sequence showing hyperintense lesions in the cerebellum, involving white and gray matter.
 Roentgenogram following curettage of the tumor, filling of the bone defect with bone cement and fixing with intramedullary nails.
 Cerebral MRI, T1-weighted, sagittal midline. Platybasia, short clivus, and small posterior cranial fossa. Arachnoidocele of the sella turcica.
 Ultrasonographic appearance of dermoid cyst
 Trans-axial section: The same cysts seen in Figure 1are shown here in cross section using ultrasound. The cysts are located anterolaterally in the neck and the posterior nuchal region looks normal.
 Post-operative follow up CT scan showing lack of flow through the left ICA.
 Thread in loop in ultrasound view
 CT scan of the chest showing a large right pulmonary mass.
 Transesophageal echocardiography after 1 month of dabigatran; 80° section showing disappearance of spontaneous echo-contrast in the enlarged left atrial appendage; in correspondence of the lateral appendage wall, a thin wall thickening is visible hardly to differentiate between thrombus or pectinate muscles. LA = Left atrium, LV = Left ventricle
 Treatment planning PET/CT scan in oesophageal carcinoma, illustrating differences between PTV determined by CT (pale blue) and PET/CT (dark blue). Some gross tumour lie outside the PTV determined using CT alone.
 Control venography.
 Color Doppler showing blood flow in sinusoids in the left ventricle.
 Excelsotarsonemus caravelis sp. n. (female). Detail of the gnathosoma.
 Transverse section in MRI showing solitary ring enhancing lesion in the pre-aqueductal region of mid brain of size 0.72 × 0.68 cm involving IIIrd nerve nucleus with peri lesional edema
 CT abdomen demonstrating subcapsular collection.
 View of the imperfect examination (white arrow) using intra-oral ultrasonography because the tumor is located near the base of the tongue in a 67-year-old man with carcinoma (arrows) on the left side of the tongue.
 Selective right intercostal artery angiography was performed through a 5-French Michelson catheter from the supreme right intercostal artery to the right 12th intercostal artery. A common trunk of the right ninth and 10th intercostal arteries is pictured. No discrete bleeding source or arterial irregularity was identified.
 DSA after deployment of endovascular stent
 Cranial CT before radiotherapy.
 Axial postcontrast computed tomography image showing minimal residual perihepatic fluid and/or scarring without a definable fluid collection.
  Axial postcontrast T1-weighted image showing enhancement in the modiolus (arrow) of the right cochlea.
 Häring prosthesis displaced to the stomach in a patient with a cardiac tumor
 Three-dimensional rendering of conventional magnetic resonance images obtained in this patient with a sural intraneural ganglion cyst. Maximum intensity projection image created from the same series as Fig. 1 shows the entire course of the cyst (asterisk) and well demonstrates the recurrent course of the cyst (white arrowhead) and its origin from the subtalar joint (white arrow) in a single image. C, calcaneus; F, fibular; T, tibia; t, talus.
 35-year-old male presented with 2 weeks history of dyspnea and fever and was diagnosed with pneumonia. Frontal chest radiograph reveals opacified right upper lobe with bulge in the minor fissure (white arrow) representing the radiologic sign, bulging fissure sign.
 Variation in optical density of fibers as a function of  pressure. Growth of the two fibers shown in this video-enhanced  phase-contrast micrograph was initiated at 150 atm. At the point  indicated by the black arrow the pressure was raised to 275 atm  for 2 min, resulting in formation of a short segment with reduced  optical density. When the pressure was lowered to 125 atm (white  arrow), both the optical density and the growth rate increased.  Note the abrupt change in optical density at the points of pressure shift. The arrowheads indicate the vesicle associated with  each fiber. Bar, 5 μm.
 Preoperative computed tomography angiography.
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen showing a suspicious oval 3.5 × 3 cm mass in the antrum of the stomach.
 Radiologic findings for chest computed tomography (CT). CT scan showed marked enlarged recurred mass lesion in right mediastinal pleural areas, which invaded to right pulmonary trunk and superior vena cava.
 Computed tomography scan of the patient shows epidural hematoma at right temporoparietal area and subarachnoid hemorrhage at both sylvian fissure with diffuse brain swelling.
 CT scan showing bowel obstruction and peritoneal thickening due to recurrence.
 Coronal STIR MRI demonstrating bilateral asymmetrical high signal in deep (arrow head) and superficial (arrow) temporalis muscles (Case 1, Table 3).
 Abdominal computed tomography scan findings. A 4.2 cm × 4.1 cm hypodense mass within the head of the pancreas.
 Upward pressure on the anterior vaginal wall in the region of midurethra by a hemostat (H) prevents reflux.
  Two-dimensional ultrasound view (orthogonal plane) of suspected ectrodactyly on right hand at 132/7 weeks of gestational age.
 Ultrasound images in the right half of the thyroid gland of an 81-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma on the right side of the tongue and metastasis in one of the superior internal jugular lymph nodes. A 2.6-cm echogenic mass (arrows) in the right half of the thyroid gland is shown.
 Guide wire inserted in the center of the femoral neck.
 37-year-old male with severe aortic regurgitation shown by transthoracic echocardiography. Reformatted CT image shows large area (asterisk) of commissural incompetency between right and left coronary cusps. Aortic regurgitant orifice area via CT measured 1.49 cm2. Effective regurgitant orifice area was 0.82 cm2 and pressure half-time, 259 ms at echocardiography.
 Magnetic resonance imaging both hips, coronal view.
 Safe zone: between A and B. A: tip of fibular head. B: circumference line of the fibular head.
 Axial T-1 weighted MR image showing bilateral carotid body tumors; both with complete encasement of the ICA and ECA; Shamblin type III.
 Reverse flow in the aortic arch.
 Perihepatic lesion in pre-contrast T1 volume interpolated breathhold examination (VIBE) fat saturated (FS).
 The first case with a fracture of the right anterior column associated with a fractured left the obturator ring and left sacroiliac disjunction
 Lateral radiograph after 2 weeks, showing dislocation of C4.
 Axial T2-weighted FAT SAT image illustrating diffuse muscle edema involving the lower two-thirds of the anterior compartment muscles.
 Axial view of a postoperative computer tomography detecting a lateral screw misplacement (arrow) among group B at the left-sided T4, which was corrected due to possible implant instability
 A panorex image of the jaws showing generalized microdontia
 Abdominal radiograph reveals distended bowel loop with fecal materials.
 Postoperative X-ray of knee joint anteroposterior view showing femoral tunnels of previous double-bundle anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) reconstruction and revision single-bundle ACL reconstruction. A new femoral tunnel was made at the 2 O’clock position between the previous two femoral tunnels. Anteromedial (AM): Tunnel for AM bundle of previous double-bundle ACL reconstruction. Posterolateral (PL): Tunnel for PL bundle of previous double-bundle ACL reconstruction. Single-bundle (SB): Tunnel for revisional single-bundle ACL reconstruction
 Abdominal CT scan showing a fistulous connection between the lesser curvature of the stomach and the liver (arrow).
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT (arterial phase) at the level of the ventricular chambers shows a hypodense filling defect (arrow), within the right ventricle (RV), consistent with an intracavitary thrombus, along with a localized thickening (arrowheads) of the apical myocardium. CT = computed tomography.
 Sagittal T1W image shows only cord swelling (arrows). Vertebral marrow hyperintensity is also noted (arrowheads)
 CT-scan brain showing brain metastases
  Coronal angio computed tomography of the chest showing pericardial effusion.
 Measurement of mandibular BMD by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.Abbreviation: BMD, bone mineral density.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan showed enhanced soft tissue nodules (asterisk) that have infiltrated the pericardium, moderate amount of pericardial effusion (arrow), right pleural effusion (E), and partially occlusive clot in posterobasal segmental branch of right lower lobe pulmonary artery (dashed arrow) (RA: right atrium, LA: left atrium, RV: right ventricle, LV: left ventricle).
 Retrieval of the inner blocking balloon of the MYNXGRIP and of the sheath towards the puncture site. Note the slight shift between the sheath and the blocking balloon indicating appropriate wall contact.
 CT scan showing ovoid mass in gallbladder.
 Venous phase DSA of the left ICA demonstrates a DAVF drained by left cerebellopontine angle varices and peripontine and perimedullary venous plexi.
 Initial ultrasonography of the abdomen shows concentric wall thickening of the distended small bowel loop (arrow). Note the ascites (arrowhead).
 Chest radiograph upon presentation to the emergency department.
 Panoramic CBCT demonstrating the lesion causing loss of bony structures with internal calcifications and resorption of root in relation to 14
 Panoramic radiograph shows ill-defined bone destruction on left mandibular canine area. The lesion has ragged border and shows sclerotic change on the surrounding trabecular bone.
 Discography was performed to confirm the target disc and to help identify the location of the herniation; the needle was parallel to the upper endplate of the lower vertebral body.
 Axial CT scan abdomen showing cyst.
 High resolution CT scan of chest showing apical bullae and a non-resolving pneumothorax with a well sited drain.
 Extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy on staging CT scan.
 Lower extremity magnetic resonance angiography after second embolic episode. Contrast-enhanced MRI revealed interruption of the left popliteal artery and right anterior tibial artery.
 A computed tomography (CT) image of the hematoma. A transverse CT image of the abdomen shows an 8 cm × 3.6 cm loculated hematoma of the right iliacus muscle (yellow arrow).
 Non‐contrast CT revealed aortic dissection of Stanford type A
 Hip X-ray image showing total replacement at left (right side) (from Wikipedia).
 Radiographic control after distraction osteogenesis. Vertical augmentation of the bone is significant
 CT contrast image of the right lung adenocarcinoma.
 Ethoxybenzyl-magnetic resonance imaging before the administration of Oct-LAR. The red arrow indicates a lower uptake region in the S7 region of the liver.
 Shows tree in bud appearance on CECT chest suggestive of active tuberculosis.
 Repeat MRI of brain FLAIR sequence showing complete resolution of the hyperintensity of SCC
 Computed tomography scan of the vertebral body of Th7 showing bone destruction with partial cortical perforation.
 Anteroposterior radiograph showing the tibia and fibula. It was taken immediately after operation and shows barely visible fracture lines, but no callus.
 Occlusal radiograph showing bilateral congenital absence of lateral incisors
 Chest X-ray showing marked improvement with steroid treatment
 Second Gamma Knife treatment: 20 Gy for a single left posterior parietal metastatic lesion.
 Computed tomography scan showed the well circumscribed mass in the posterior mediastinum (sagittal view).
 Lobular parenchyma of the pancreas, undilated pancreatic duct, normal size of the gland, no degenerative changes in the parenchyma, even echo distribution
 CT scan of the upper airway
 Digital periapical X-ray with reference lines and points for measuring right abutments alveolar bone height at 6 months follow-up
 Large AVM with adjacent hemorrhage from tooth extraction. Note the mandibular ramus bone remodeling from the long-standing AVM on the right side.
 Transthoracic echocardiographic image (short axis view) showing large right atrial mass from tumor extension in the patient (shown by arrow).
 The lateral ankle after repair of the superior peroneal retinaculum
 Subretinal haemorrhage. Axial US shows the subretinal space (asterisks) filled with an echogenic material consistent with blood
 ERCP showed CBD was cannulated at the ampulla using guidewire technique.
 Associations between connectivity and DII responses within the UHR group alone. Lower connectivity between IFG and the left and right lingual gyrus is associated with DII in UHR youth. Connectivity involving the fronto-parietal network was represented by analyzing seed to voxel connectivity among regions (IFG, IPS, SMG) within this network and part of the early visual system (LOC). There was an inverse relationship in connectivity between the IFG and the left and right lingual gyrus and veridical perception. Results of all analyses were thresholded at the voxel-level at puncorrected < 0.001 and then corrected at the cluster-level using a false-discovery rate (FDR) of p < 0.01.
 Result of the separation mask.
 Coronal reformat of a CT shows the multifocal ossifications along the retroperitoneal space (black arrowheads) as well as the intravertebral extension (black arrow). A calcified nodule is seen in the left inguinal area (white arrow)
 On abdominal X-ray, the fundus gase was on the right side.
 Chest CT scan uncovered a tension pneumothorax
 CTPA showing pulmonary aneurysms.
 Final panoramic radiograph.
 Postoperative cervical vertebral X-ray.
 Measurement of percentage of bone graft for the acetabulum, calculated as the ratio of B to A.
 A 22-year-old man with a background of T-cell ALL presented with bilateral sudden loss of vision. CT showed bilateral nodular enhancing optic nerve lesions consistent with disease recurrence.
 Magnetic resonance angiography showing markedly reduced flow in the left ICA.
 Color Doppler imaging shows massive tricuspid regurgitation and the dyskinetic left ventricle and aneurysm (arrow) (RA - right atrium, RV - right ventricle, LA - left atrium, LV - left ventricle)
 Obscured right heart border
 Omental fat with increased echogenicity with a mass-like appearance (small white arrows) in a 12-year-old boy with confirmed appendicitis
 Chest X-ray at presentation
 Reduction confirmation in A/P view
 IOC showing the correct placement of the TS.
 T2-weighted temporal bone MRI showing a homogenous mass with increased signal intensity relatively to the brain. Arrows indicate the mass.
 Saddle pulmonary embolism (white arrow) in a patient with SAH.
 Example of the definition of the region of interest for quantitative analysis of the substantia nigra. The FLAIR images were used as the anatomical reference when drawing regions of interest on the whole substantia nigra regions on M0 map.
 Barium enema demonstrating fistula between the transverse colon and the stomach; arrow indicates fistula tract.
 41-year-old woman with chronic pulmonary embolism. Coronal reformatted CT image of the chest demonstrating a mass extending outside the vessel wall.
 Right lateral common carotid digital subtraction angiography cerebral view showing a near occlusive intimal flap at the cervical petrous section.
 Walkable stent in LAD.
 Postoperative chest X-ray showing residual mass in the anterior mediastinum.
 Chest X-ray showing metallic bar
 Sagittal T1 weighted MRI of thoracic spine with contrastSagittal T1 weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the thoracic spine with contrast demonstrating a homogeneously enhancing mass lesion in the T7 vertebral body invading superiorly and inferiorly into the intervertebral discs.
 Abdominal computed tomography. Postoperative abdominal computed tomography revealed an ill-defined mass (white arrow), 16 × 18 mm in diameter, on liver segment IV
 Head computed tomography of a patient with pituitary apoplexy. The hyperdense region represents hemorrhage within a pre-existing pituitary adenoma.
 Axial CT image shows expansion of the right mandibular buccal cortical plate with radiopaque and radiolucent changes.
 Oblique view of cervical spine with homogenous, high density, and elongated contrast outline limited to the dorsal aspect of the spinal canal indicating subdural spread. Arrow show the maximal extent of the unusual extensive cephalocaudal spread of contrast media with a sharp posterior border and a slightly wavy anterior border.
 High resolution computed tomography scan of the chest. Large mantle pneumothorax at the level of the right middle lobe, observed 3 days after hysterectomy.
 T2-weighted axial MRI image showing fluid collection in the sternoclavicular joint (arrow).
 TARIC total ankle replacement. Radiogram – lateral view.
 Kharodaka and its administration
 Follow-up USG after 1 month shows reduction in size of right ovary, measuring 9 × 3.8 cms
 A second revision of the small bowel enteroclysis, which had been performed 2 years earlier, demonstrated a subtle process close to the ligament of Treitz.
 Endoscopic ultrasound shows mild thickening of the mucosa with normal stratification of the gastric wall.
 Initial CT of the aortic-pulmonary window.
 Transthoracic echocardiography showed a large atrial septal defect (arrow), ostium secundum type (32-38 mm).
 Brain MRI shows a multiple cerebral infarction.
 Transthoracic echocardiography parasternal view color Doppler showing ruptured sinus of valsalva with shunting of blood
 Average image of the ten optic disc images shown in Figure 2.
 Computed tomography (axial) showing a large right-sided craniectomy and expansion of brain parenchyma away from the midline
 Magnetic resonance angiography at onset of symptoms revealed basilar stenosis persistent with basilar artery occlusion (arrow).
 Head‐perineum distance measured as the outer bony limit of the fetal skull and the perineum. Printed with permission. 28
 Placement of pulsed RF needle in case 3.
 Oblique view under DSA shows vasospasm in left A1 (arrow)
 Lateral view of plain radiograph lumbosacral spine with no obvious fractures/malalignment
  Markedly lengthening of Achilles tendon due to chronic tendinosis.
 Computed tomography: acute noncomplicated diverticulitis of end-colostomy (red arrow).
 Transthoracic echocardiography: parasternal long axis view showing large pericardial effusion.
 Echo sonography showing a 4.3 × 3.7 cm multilocular cystic mass in the lower pole of the renal allograph suggesting renal cell carcinoma.
 First scan showing only mild dilation of left subclavian artery.
 Filling of the pericardial sac after orally administered water-soluble contrast medium (Gastrographin®).
 Right horizontal incompletely impacted third molar without lamina dura below the crown in a 39-year-old woman.
 Segmentation of T1-weighted image using FreeSurfer. T1-weighted images were segmented using FreeSurfer in order to create masks defining 1, cerebellar cortex, 2, cerebellar white matter, 3, brain stem, 4, cerebral white matter, 5, basal ganglia (including the caudate nucleus, the putamen and the globus pallidus), 6, thalamus, 7, choroid plexus, and the optic chiasm (not shown).
 The right costovertebral joint space is fused. The T12 vertebra shows disproportionate asymmetric overgrowth which is characteristic for the Proteus syndrome.
 Third coronary angiogram showed spontaneous resolution of left main coronary artery dissection and long linear dissection of diagonal artery.
 Gastrograffin meal showing complete gastric outlet obstruction.
 Chest X ray on admission. This study demonstrated an extensive right pleural effusion with shift of the mediastinum towards the left side. There was also collapse consolidation of the right lower lobe.
 Comparative contrast CT scan after 1 month.
 Transvaginal colour Doppler image in the third trimester, displaying vessels in the lower uterine segment. The vessels are seen between the presenting fetus and the cervix. However, they are not within the membranes; it is free floating umbilical cord.
 Noncontrast computed tomography head showing occipito-parietal haematoma with a mass effectthrombocytopenia.
 Magnetic resonance imaging T1 weighted view of multiple bilateral psoas (1) and paraspinal muscle abscesses with increased dural enhancement (2) with minimum cerebrospinal fluid in lumber subarachnoid space (triangle)
 Preoperative MRI (Case 3).
 Emergent selective angiography of the external iliac artery shows active bleeding from the right superficial circumflex iliac artery (arrow). Transcatheter arterial embolization with Gelfoam and microcoils was performed successfully.
 61-year-old man with AF. CT-slice at standart window with demonstration of a cystic liver lesion
 M. abscessus lung disease in a 62-year-old woman.Chest CT scan shows centrilobular nodules and bronchiectasis. Also note lesions without segment or lobe predominance.
 Spine.
 Case 1: lateral finger radiographA 57-year-old female patient with osteomyelitis and infectious arthritis of the right third finger after a cat bite. Lateral finger radiograph shows soft tissue swelling, bony destruction (arrows) of the middle and distal phalanges, and narrowing of the distal interphalangeal (DIP) joint space. Note the free bony fragment (open arrow) on the volar aspect of the finger.
 Ring structures around the hippocampus. The hippocampus is segmented in orange, the target in red and the first, second, third and fourth ring structures in light blue, blue, dark blue and violet respectively. All the ring structures have a width of 5 mm
 Image of abdominal X-rays showing successful placement of small-bowel feeding tubes
 Follow-up PET/CT finding. In MIP image, previously noted multiple muscular uptakes were no longer seen. However, increased uptake in mediastinal and bilateral hilar lymph nodes persisted (arrows).
 A late intra-coronary injection of contrast visualized in the straight LAO projection shows intra-muscular micro-channels also extending from the right coronary artery to fill the left ventricle.
 CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with oral contrast revealed multiple dilated loops of small bowel. The distal large bowel loops were compressed. There is transitional zone. The cecums was significantly dilated suggestive of cecal valvulus.
 Ultrasound with power Doppler showed high vascularity of the mass.
 Coronal view of herniated colon on computed tomography scan obtained at the referring facility prior to transfer.
 La dent 74 à l’état de racines et la 75 délabrée avec atteinte de furcation
 MRI with T1-weighted images showing edema and abnormal signal bilaterally in the occipital lobes, thalami, and inferior medial temporal lobes.
 Ultrasound biomicroscopy (axial scan) of the right eye showing hyperdeep anterior chamber with prominent posterior bowing of midperipheral iris with crystalline lens touching the iris.
  Region of interest (ROI) settings. The ROI was set in areas of arthroscopically confirmed cartilage damage, and the ADC, FA, and T2 were measured. The ROI was 55 voxels high and 40 voxels wide, and care was taken to measure all cartilage levels without including the subchondral bone.
 Chest X-ray showing tracheal self-expandable metal stent in situ
 Lacune intra-osseuse du calcanéus
 Conventional central venogram demonstrating the 5 F Pigtail catheter in the superior vena cava. A high grade stenosis, without contrast media passage through the stenosis, is visible.
 Cervical magnetic resonance angiogram. Cervical magnetic resonance angiogram at 1 month shows persistent filling defect of the right ICA, as indicated by the black arrow.
 RPE atrophy and bone spicule pigmentation with retinal arteriolar narrowing.
 Magnetic resonance imaging at first visit.Note: The left side of the ascending ramus of the mandible shows heterogeneous intermediate-to-high signal intensity on fat-suppressed T2-weighted images.
 Axial CT of chest. Demonstrating the sternal mass (arrow) but no underlying soft tissue involvement.
 Urethrocystography. Neobladder in late postoperative period
 Follow-up radiograph, one year after root canal therapy, the resolution of the periradicular bone lesions is evident
 Illustrates a thyroid nodule with macrocalcifications.
 CT coronal view showed markedly distended cecum, compressed stomach and lot of free air.
 Angiogram demonstrating posterior circulation and moyamoya vessels; a sagittal view in which the basilar artery (arrow A) is seen filling the middle cerebral artery (arrow B). This is occurring due to the occlusion of the internal carotid arteries. Also shown are the moyamoya vessels (arrow C) in a ‘puff of smoke’ formation (see ‘discussion’). These vessels have developed secondary to occlusion in and around the circle of Willis.
 A line: thickness of highly cross linked polyethylene (HXLPE) was 6.7 mm at pole. B line: thickness of HXLPE was 5.8 mm at 45° angle direction.
 A helical computed tomography scan performed during the first emergency department visit showing no sign of urolithiasis. The kidneys are normal
 DSA image: Direct puncture of pseudoaneurysm by an 18-G needle.
 Confirmatory CT of radiopaque catheter, 10 cm, tubing extending from retrohepatic IVC through the right atrium into the low SVC.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the cervical cyst disclosing its relation to the larynx.
 Tip of appendix within the femoral hernia sac (white arrow) with some surrounding fat stranding.
 Axial non-contrast brain computed tomography shows an intracerebral haemorrhage on left parieto-occipital area.
 Radiograph of pelvic bones showing fracture
 56-year-old woman with leiomyosarcoma of the left iliac fossa. Post-contrast axial CT image shows a gross enhancing solid mass with extensive necrosis (arrow). Note that the left main iliac artery and vein are infiltrated by the tumoral mass (arrowhead).
 Sagittal view; note the smooth contour of the uterus.
 CT image showing homogeneously enhanced lesion in the scalp of occipital region.
 Lateral cephalogram of patient. Note the lingually inclined anterior mandibular alveolar bone with decreased height, prominent chin, and increased gonial angle
 Magnetic resonance images in the coronal plane demonstrating a septate uterus
 Computed tomography of the brain of patient C
 Ultrasound of the radial artery with pressure applied, beginning to show coaptation of the anterior and posterior walls representing diastolic pressure (arrow).
 Ultrasonography of left Achilles tendon at nine months follow-up showing complete healing of the tendon.
 Chest X-ray on day 2 of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation run
 CT scan showing volvulus of the colon with closed loop obstruction compressing the left lobe of the liver.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan shows a large, lobulated, heterogeneous mass in the left half of the retroperitoneum (arrow) with a fatty component posteriorly (arrowhead)
 Global edema with a total knee joint replacement in a 72-year-old male patient. The radiograph demonstrated loss of cartilage joint space within the lateral compartment. Coronal fast fat-suppressed T2-weighted image (TR 3200/TE 72/256 × 192) shows extensive edema in the femoral and tibial condyles (arrows)
 Abdominal MRI. The T2-weighted images show high signal intensity in a major portion of the mass. Heterogeneous signal intensity with hyperintense and hypointense areas is also observed.
 Large prostatic collection approximately 5.6 cm in greatest craniocaudal length and approximately 5.6 cm in greatest axial diameter.
 CT soft tissue window after intravenous injection showing moderate enhancement and displacement of the cervical great vessels.
  Postoperative radiograph of the patient 7 years after cementless THA.
 Nephrostogram showing the pelvi-ureteric junction obstruction pattern pattern.
 Definitions of linear and area measurements in the horizontal plane. D distance from the left maxillary incisor to the incisive canal (mm); CSA, area of the incisive canal (mm2)
 Magnetic resonance imaging was consistent with a disruption of the anterior longitudinal ligament and anterior protrusion of the intervertebral disc (black arrow).
 Ultrasonogram of the abdominal wall in the area of skin perforation. Ultrasonogram showing the abdominal wall in the area of a skin perforation in cow 2. A 5.0-MHz convex transducer was used, and the muscle layers and abdominal wall cannot be differentiated because of trauma-induced changes. Gas inclusions and fluid also are apparent. 1 abdominal wall, 2 gas inclusions, 3 fluid, 4 rumen wall, Ds dorsal, Vt ventral
 One-year post-surgical radiograph showing complete radiographic bone fill on the mesial of the maxillary left second molar. Associated probing depths were 3 mm or less.
 Local administration of amphotericin B and saline with perfusion lavage of the walled-off necrosis (WON) using 2 drainage catheters: administration into WON by the pancreatic head-side catheter and discharge from the pancreatic tail-side catheters (arrow).
 Axial T1 : Enlarged heterogenous isointense lesion involving FDS.
  Case 1: Portable abdominal radiograph in neonatal intensive care unit. Narrow sacrosciatic notch, flattened iliac wings, and medial acetabular roof spur with flat acetabulae can be retrospectively identified. Spine changes are not visible.
 Tegmentothalamic infarction due to deep venous system thrombosis postpartum.
 Radiographic appearance of an implanted device.
 CT scan showing the presence of a large, heterogenous, solid/cystic serosal based pelvic mass (arrows).
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography of the pelvis showing an area of contrast extravasations in the left gluteus medius muscle.
 Left ventriculogram showing septation in the apical one-third of the left ventricle (arrows).
 18F–FDG PET: a hypermetabolic lesion in medial aspect of the left distal femur (arrow)
 Fluoroscopic image of stent placement
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the knee showing multiple small enchondroma-like metaphyseal dysplasias. The distal femoral and the proximal tibial bones show metaphyseal cupping with multiple enchondromatous lesions and an abnormal metaphyseal trabecular pattern associated with small round rings and arcs and dense foci is as intended here within the metaphysis.
 Right carotid angiography after high-flow bypass (saphenous vein graft between external carotid artery and M2 portion) and trapping of the internal carotid artery, lateral view. The right cerebral hemisphere was well revascularized through the bypass graft (arrow).
 MR image of a tumour (in orange) and its surrounding tissue (in pale blue).
 Computerised tomography showing the presence of submucosal fundal varices
 Gray scale US: right submandibular lymph node with oval shape, echogenic hilus and S/L<0.5.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan shows evidence of right oropharyngeal mass excision and right neck dissection without recurred lesion.
 Magnetic resonance cholangiography revealed multiple cysts in the liver along the biliary tree.
 A 75-year-old man with moderately differentiated mucinous adenocarcinoma of the colon. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows a peritoneal implant with coarse peripheral calcification (arrow), which developed while on treatment and increased with progressive disease (not shown).
 Medullary stenosis with osteoscelosis in a patient with Sanjad–Sakati syndrome.
 Sub-selective right hepatic arteriogram shows normal arborization of the selective artery injected. Shunt is in place.
 Pre-operative contrast CT shows neoplasm involving naso-genial region, ala nasi, and right lip, with infiltration into deep planes towards anterior wall of maxillary sinus, without invading the sinus.
 Image from upper GI series demonstrating a large filling defect (arrow) in the second portion of the duodenum (should put arrow pointing to lesion).
 The dark center of the lesion is surrounded by progressively increasing hyperfluorescence in the late phase (white arrow, right eye).
 FDG-PET from 2011 showing multiple FDG avid osseous metastatic lesions.
 MRI of the brain with gadolinium (sagittal section). Mass in the fourth ventricle with minimum enhancement and central calcification (confirmed by CT of the head).
 IRM du massif facial (séquence T1): comblement ethmoïdo-maxillaire et nasal gauche en hyposignal T1 avec infiltration de l'orbite
 A large bony mass with heterogenous aspect and translucent areas.
 Transverse MRI image, showing the dorsal pancreatic duct the ventral pancreatic duct and the common hepatic duct
 Post angioembolization image shows cessation of extravasation (arrow)
 Magnetic resonance image of the brain.
 Transverse plane computed tomography scan showing a hematoma dorsally in the anterior compartment.
 Chest radiograph of Patient 1 on presentation shows pulmonary edema and right lower lobe infiltrate (arrow).
 post- operative radiograph showing intra- operative breakage of nail.
 Right renal stone
 Abdominal computed tomography showing severe segmental bowel wall thickening at the distal small bowel loop (arrowheads).
 Spoke-wheel presentation in a Doppler US examination, typical of FNH
 Follow-up computed tomography scan performed after the procedure showing no contrast enhancement in the treated lesion.
 Stricture as seen in Ascending urethrogram.
 Computed tomography of the chest showing bilateral airspace opacities.
 Computed tomography of abdomen (axial plane) demonstrates ill-defined hypodense lesions (arrows) in the spleen that could represent infarcts or hemorrhages.
 Measurement of the degree of enophthalmos. A, normal eye; B, injured eye.
 Orthopantomogram of mandibular intraosseous odontogenic squamous cell carcinoma
 Sagittal magnetic resonance image showing diffuse bone metastases with pathological fractures, metastases in L5 with penetration of the rear edge and epidural fat tissue, and compression of the S1 nerve.
 PATIENT 4: Coronal T2WI of the abdomen shows renal agenesis on the right side (L – liver).
 Panoramic radiograph of the patient's brother.
 A 35-year-old male with OMC type 4 and type 6. Coronal CT reveals right hypoplastic ethmoid bulla (dotted arrow) and horizontal UP (straight arrow) (OMC type 6, the least common), left enlarged ethmoid bulla (dashed arrow) and horizontal UP (straight arrow) (OMC type 4, the most common).
 Panoramic view of Case 2 showing a right inferior alveolar nerve cutting (white arrows) and two horizontal osteotomy lines after genioplasty.
 T2 sagittal image after cervical epidural block shows low signal intensity lesion at C3-C4 and C5-C6. These lesion are considered herniated disc.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of a right hip. A herniation pit is present (arrow), often associated with cam impingement.
 CT scans demonstrating the dissection at the level of the aortic valve.
 Delayed “scout” view from computed tomography shows nodular mass involving the left bladder base and mild left hydroureter.
 Barium enema in a 1-month-old male with Hirschsprung disease depicts bizarre irregular contraction
 Sagittal oblique T1-weighted fast spin echo image with chemical fat saturation and intravenous gadolinium reveals heterogeneous enhancement of a mass within the infrascapular region (arrow)
 Post contrast coronal CT scan showing parapharngeal lesion.
 Chest CT that shows bullet in anterior mediastinum. Without any pericardial or pleural effusion, without pneumomediastinum or visceral injuries
 Axial image through thorax, a huge proximal descending thoracic aorta aneurysm with a hypointens intimal flap in it is seen. A perimediastinal hematoma and left pleural effusion are also present.
 Selected CT image showing emphysema in HIV patient.
 CT image of left 1.8 cm adrenal nodule with an average attenuation of 2.6 Hounsfield units.
 Pre-operative spectral Doppler of upper anterior segment
 MRI demonstrating the hemiazygos vein (HV) and the azygos vein (AV) enlarged to compensate this anomaly. They collect the blood return from dilated paravertebral venous collaterals (PVC).
 Longitudinal ultrasonographic image of a radiocarpal joint detailing the measurements performed in the study for joints. (A) Joint fluid, (B) joint capsule, and (C) tendon and total depth were measured at the same site from skin to bone.
 Lateral x-ray of the fixation.
 Preoperative CT scans. The preoperative CT scans clearly demonstrate the main tumor in the upper lobe of the right lung.
 Water Soluble Contrast Enema (Gastrograffin). No therapeutic benefit was achieved. An obstructive lesion in the proximal descending colon is identified. No contrast passed beyond this.
 Alburnoides manyasensis sp. n. Radiograph of a paratype, FFR 01073, 74 mm SL.Arrow shows first caudal vertebra.
 Fluorescein angiogram of the same eye as in figure 1 before treatment demonstrates fluorescein blockage due to submacular hemorrhage.
 Preoperative positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET-CT) view. PET-CT revealed a significant hypermetabolic lesion in the right gluteal muscle. No other suspected metastatic sites were found.
 An X-ray chest showing a right paratracheal soft tissue density
 Thick slab 2D MRCP in a 33-year-old patient of paraduodenal pancreatitis showing excessive widening of the space between the descending duodenum (D) and the bile duct (thin arrow). An ectatic and elongated banana-shaped gallbladder can also be seen (thick arrow)
 Feeding VesselsMRI with contrast demonstrating the blood supply to the meningioma in a 36-year-old male. This CPA meningioma had many adjacent vessels (short arrow) and perforating vessels (long arrow).CPA: cerebellopontine angle; MRI: magnetic resonance imaging
 Total occlusion of the right coronary artery (RCA) with left to right collateral via septal arteries.
 An axial T1-weighted MRI image of the vertebrae showing a tumor constricting the vertebrae foramen (arrow).
 A 67-year-old male patient with a broken central catheter on the left on chest x-ray (PA view). The distal part of the broken central catheter is dislocated in the area of the right ventricle (black arrows). The second central catheter on the left is in the regular position
 The focal area of pyelonephritis in the left kidney on color Doppler imaging.
 Colour Doppler of the right ventricular outflow tract
 Landmarks for TPVB
 Immediate postoperative radiograph.
 Transabdominal ultrasound image of the placenta. This image demonstrates a normal subplacental clear space laterally (arrows) with subtle potential loss of the clear space overlying the myomectomy site (circle).
 Post-operative lateral X-ray of the cervical spine in extension demonstrating union of dens fracture with overall alignment in-tact
 Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography showing dilated intrahepatic and extrahepatic bile ducts including the cystic duct and the gallbladder. The common bile duct measures 15 mm in diameter with abrupt concentric stenosis in its lower third and a cut-off point located 20 mm distally to the duodenal ampulla (arrow). The pancreatic duct is depicted as normal.
 Image of the EP shows the normal EH, the thin and short EB, and the absence of ET (arrow).
 Bullet tract is shown traveling up through the retroperitoneum posteromedial to the left kidney (arrow).
 56-year-old male patient with cholangiocarcinoma. Axial CT at delayed phase showing hypodense treated cholangiocarcinoma without residual enhancement (arrow), accompanied by halo of hyperdensity (arrow heads).
 The pelvic T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging in the sagittal slice showing a presacral mass with rectal compression
 The color Doppler ultrasonography of Case 2 showing the typical place of the tumor next to the umbilical cord insertion.
 Echocardiogram showing mitral valve vegetation.
 Posterior Anterior mandible view reveals an expansile mixed radiolucent radiopaque lesion extending from the ramus of left side to the right angle of the mandible
 Abdominal CT: Abdominal CT reveals about 2cm sized hypodense mass like lesion (arrow) in upper pole of lt. adrenal gland.
 The characteristic radiologic spongiform feature of a missed laparotomy pad, with the radio opaque ribbon marker and surrounding capsule (red circle).
 During debridement the mid-third of the left clavicle was seen to be sclerotic and infected, so a piece approximately 20 mm in size was excised as far as bleeding bone (paprika sign) from the left clavicle.
 CT scan showing vertical split in right femoral shaft.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing a solid nodule in the transition between body and tail of the pancreas (arrow), with an enhancement pattern suggestive of a neuroendocrine origin.
 Widened esophagus.
 Transthoracic echocardiography. Parasternal short axis view at the level of the aortic valve reveals a 24 × 17 mm sized myxoma (arrow). Ao: aorta, RA: right atrium, RV: right ventricle.
 Control echo of patient N1 6 months after ASA. Thinning of basal septum is clearly visible (arrow).
 Node calcification in sarcoidosis is shown.Axial CT scan shows typical eggshell calcification in both hilar and peribronchial nodes (arrows). Presence of node calcification suggests chronic condition.
 MRI (axial T1) showing focal atrophy of the left temporal lobe.
 Blurring of the cortical margin of the subchondral bone and sclerotic change is noted on the surface of left sacroiliac joint.
 MRI T2 weighted image showing areas of hyper intensity involving brainstem
 T1-weighted imaging four weeks postpartum showing significant lesions at the left parieto-occipital area.
 A 34-year-old man, smoker, symptomatic for cough and fever. Definitive diagnosis obtained by VATS performed within a month of imaging. A 3-mm collimated CT shows scattered nodules, with asymmetric distribution. The largest nodules measure 15–20 mm; nodular borders are irregular or atypically smooth. Smooth linear interstitial thickening is also evident
 Abdominal computed tomography scan with contrast showing diffuse infiltrating lesion in right hepatic lobe
 Computed tomography scan of the chest showing infradiaphragmatic drainage of scimitar vein
 Radiographic examination after 6 months
 Orthopantomogram showing expansile lytic lesion in the body of mandible involving the roots of premolars, first and second molars. The lateral aspect of the lesion shows faint radiopacity
 MRI (coronal view, T2) of a right shoulder, demonstrating a massive, retracted rotator cuff re-tear following previous double-row rotator cuff repair.
 High resolution computerized tomography revealing bronchiectasis.
 Axial T2 (upper section) and sagittal contrast enhanced fat suppressed T1 (lower section) magnetic resonance imaging demonstrates right optic nerve head excavation and suppression of the signal within the right globe and subarachnoid space in the retrobulbar area suggestive of perfluorocarbon liquid or silicone oil bubble (arrow).
 Discontinuity in the anterior stomach wall post CPR.
 Group I: Master cone IOPA
 A longitudinal section of the right kidney illustrating the multiple cysts, echogenic adipose tissue, and the surrounding renal cortex. The arrows mark the central serrated tumor.
 Macroscopic whitish, rubbery bronchial cast of the RLL floating in normal saline. B6a: apical medial, B6b: apical superior, B7a: paracardiac lateral, B7b: paracardiac medial, B8: anterior basilar, B9: lateral basilar, B10: posterior basilar.
 X-ray chest showing dextrocardia and gastric air bubble on right side i.e. situs inversus totalis.
 CT pelvis pronounced contrast enhancement of the peritoneum (); thickened wall of the sigmoid colon ().
 CT scan shows hypodense renal mass with ring enhancement.
 Ultrasound image showing large valve in internal jugular vein
 Multinodular splenic involvement by lymphoma. Contrast-enhanced axial CT of the abdomen, showing multiple hypovascularized nodules in the spleen (asterisk) and perigastric lymph node involvement (arrow).
 Post-operative KUB X-rays in a patient with bilateral MSK and nephrocalcinosis: 2 procedures on the right side and one on the left
 Sagittal T2-weighted image shows vertical tortuosity of optic nerve ( black arrow)
 The deviation of the ROI on the mean ADC value.The mean ADC value of the red ROI and the green ROI were 0.801×10-3mm2/s and 0.911×10-3mm2/s, respectively. The difference of absolute value was only 0.11×10-3mm2/s, but the difference of relative value achieved 13.7%.
 Axial section showing dilated loops of small bowel and a segment of small bowel adherent to the anterior abdominal wall.
 Nearly 4-year-old boy with FHI. Sagittal T1 sequence reveals an ill-defined, hypointense, subcutaneous mass in the precalcaneal region (arrows). The skin marker slightly distorts the normal anatomy in this region.
 CT of the chest showing miliary sarcoidosis. While the lesions of miliary TB (Fig. 1B) are randomly distributed, the lesions of miliary sarcoidosis are distributed along the bronchovascular bundle (lymphangitic distribution). Thus transbronchial lung biopsy gives a higher diagnostic yield in miliary sarcoidosis.
 Parasternal short axis view on 2D echocardiogram showing lead 1 across the tricuspid valve into RV outflow while lead 2 is seen in RA.
 Ortho-pantomo-graphic x-ray view showing calcified mass on the lower right side related to horizontally impacted third molar tooth (#48) with a radiolucent halo encircling the central part of the calcified lesion.
 Preoperative CT scan demonstrating large scapular mass.
 Computer tomography image. Transverse CT image showing the automatically determined boundaries. The outer limits of the skin are marked with white dots; the inner margin of subcutaneous adipose tissue is marked with black dots. Note in this particular image the algorithm misrepresents the desired boundaries in places because it was interrupted by discontinuities within the adipose tissue.
  Panoramic X-ray showing vertical bone loss.
 Transesophageal echocardiography image demonstrating a large vegetation (6 cm) attached to the Eustachian valve (Case 1) VEGE : Vegetation, IVC: Inferior vena cava.
 CT scan showing a nodular mass with intensive enhancement on the dome of bladder.
 Preoperative IVU showing a filling defect at the lower one third of the right ureter, proximal hydroureter, hydronephrosis and ureteral kinking.
 Abdominal CT scan showing the deflated intragastric balloon migrated to the small bowel (white arrow).
 Passage of the contrast into the right atrium via coronary sinus on apical 4 chamber view of transthoracic echocardiography. LA: Left atrium, LV: Left ventricle, RV: Right ventricle, RA: Right atrium; CS: Coronary sinus.
 CT colonography depicting contained rectal perforation.The Foley catheter tip is seen in rectum as well as localized peri-rectal air.
 CTPA showing bilateral linear radio opaque material in Pulmonary arterial branches peripherally
 PET/CT with 18FDG shows diffuse physiologic uptake in the normal brain cortex, and abnormal uptake in the wall of the right basal ganglia mass, especially along the medial aspect
 Anterior atlanto-occipital dislocation (type I dislocation): sagittal (right) reformatted CT image of craniocervical junction of a post-mortem CT study of a victim of young male patient who sustained high--force impact to the cranium as a result of an industrial accident with resultant bilateral atlanto-occipital dislocation (right joint dislocation indicated by arrow). The victim died at the scene: such craniocervical trauma carries a very high mortality and, as a result, ante-mortem imaging of such injuries is uncommon
 The patient's CT demonstrating bilateral, miliary interstitial infiltrate pattern.
 Akin osteotomy as an adjunct to a chevron osteotomy.
  Preiapical radiograph showing the implant and surrounding bone one year after the restoration and functional loading of the implant.
 Lateral preoperative radiography.
 60-year-old man with relapsed multiple myeloma. MRI from two years prior to relapse showed only simple cysts bilaterally but no masses in the perirenal spaces.
 Regions of interest. Displays the five regions of interest, upper femoral head (UH), central femoral head (CH), upper femoral neck (UN), Ward's triangle area (WA) and the lower femoral neck (LN) used for analysis. Points A to G are determined by the femoral head and neck and used to locate the ROIs. Points A and E mark the femoral neck width. Points B, C and D lie at 1/4, 1/2 and 3/4 along this line. Point F is the centre point of the femoral head, point G at 1/2 the radius of the femoral head at an angle of 45 degrees to the neck width, 135 degrees to the neck shaft, shown as a dashed line through point C.
 CT scan of thorax (mediastinal view) showing bilateral multiple pulmonary nodules of varying size with cavitation in one nodule with no mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
 Advanced prenatal ultrasound showed an abnormal morphology of the fetal lower limbs. This figure shows the abnormal position of the knee joints and bilateral pes equinovarus on 3D ultrasound examination.
 Four-month follow-up CT shows a newly developed metastasis (arrow) in the posterior segment of right lobe of the liver.
 Unenhanced computed tomography showing multiple calcific densities in the segmental renal artery and in its branches on both sides
 A 4-year-old girl with ALL presenting with back pain and pancytopeniaLateral thoracolumbar X-ray reveals multiple collapsed vertebrae.
 Two-dimensional echocardiogram a month later shows regression of mass in right atrium (RA). RV: right ventricle; LA: left atrium; LV: left ventricle
 Coronal CT showing the extent of the tumor obliterating the full maxillary sinus and involving the nasal cavity on the right side
 Initial CT imaging findings. Subdural hematoma with obviously shifted midline structure to the contralateral side
 Abdomen tomography after ventriculoperitoneal shunt with the catheter well positioned in the peritoneal cavity
 Cervical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed the redislocation of C6/7 and the oppression of endorhachis.
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen without contrast after the liver biopsy showed acute hemorrhage (arrows). The unenhanced liver is normal in size and attenuation.
 Abdominal ultrasound shows a inhomogeneous mass measuring 32mm in diameter between pancreatic head and descending duodenum.
 Follow-up CT scan of the pelvis, one month post-toothpick removal, shows significant improvement of sigmoid wall thickening and regression of pericolic fat stranding.
 Frontal chest radiograph shows patchy areas of bronchiectasis in both lungs with fibrotic opacities, predominantly affecting the right lung. Also, note the markedly dilated trachea and right main bronchus
 Right Intercosto-bronchial Artery Derived from the Thyrocervical Trunk Post Thoracic Aortic Stenting Causing a Type II Endoleak.
 Initial panoramic radiograph.
 HRCT thorax showing diffuse bilateral calcified fine nodular pattern along with pericardial and pleural calcification
 Example of an incorrect transseptal puncture. In this particular case no pericardial effusion or tamponnade results, because of extensive adhesions after cardiac surgery. Furthermore, soft injection of dye during advancement, allows early location of the ectopic position of the needle before pushing the sheath and dilator through the interatrial septum.
 Chest X-ray showing cardiac dextroposition and radiopaque right hemithorax.
 Microscopic characteristics of the isolate of Saksenaea vasiformis cultured on Czapek agar. A) Typical flask-shaped sporangia (scale bar = 25 μm) containing B) smooth-walled, rectangular sporangiospores (scale bar = 10 μm).
 Computed tomography (CT) scan of the head; transversal view. CT scan of the face, neck and chest was performed without contrast, showing pathological fracture of right jaw and periosteal reaction, besides mixed lytic and sclerotic lesion of the jaw.
 T2-weighted midsagittal plane images of the lumbar spine showing the adiposity diameters measuredAbbreviations: VST, ventral subcutaneous thickness; AD, abdominal diameter; SAD, sagittal diameter; DST, dorsal subcutaneous thickness.
 Follow-up radiograph shows signs of union across the fracture site (R: radius locking plate, Ac: acromioclavicular joint, A: acromion, CL: clavicle, Cr: coracoid, G: glenoid, H: humeral head, black arrows: coracoclavicular fixation device buttons)
 Antenatal ultrasonography 27 th week GA revealed several hypoechoic formations corresponding to dilated stomach and small bowel
 Axial brain computed tomography showing meningeal enhancement and air in the subarachnoid space suggestive of pneumocephalus.
 Anteroposterior X-ray of the pelvis with bilateral displaced femoral neck fractures.
 The lymph node in the left pelvic wall was swelling and positive for contrast enhancement
 Axial T2-weighted sequence in a 57-year-old woman with confusion demonstrates a large extra-axial mass centred on the falx that is isointense to grey matter with a prominent surrounding CSF signal intensity cleft between the mass and the adjacent frontal cortex, best appreciated around the left aspect (arrow). The diagnosis was meningioma (grade I) at histology
 The abdominal X-ray of a patient with occlusive rectal cancer receiving complete preoperative colonoscopy to the cecum after self-expandable metal stent placement.
 Computed tomography of the patient preoperatively
 Axial CT image of an antrochoanal with extension of the polyp to the nasopharynx.
 Axial computed tomography image after intravenous contrast enhancement shows a cortical fleshy nodule of the right kidney with no involvement of the perinephric adipose.
 Post-operative computed tomography scan taken at the 8-year follow-up examination. Scan shows no keratocystic odontogenic tumor recurrence to the right maxillary sinus and scarce pathologic tissue in the alveolar recess of the right maxillary sinus.
 Coronary angiography from the left lateral view, not showing the circumflex artery.
 Post radiotherapy CT scan showing reduction in tumour (arrow) with ascites.
 Fulgurated fistulous tract.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging of L1 and S1–S2 reveals bone destruction and vertebral abnormalities. Red arrows indicate L1 (upper arrow) and S1-S2 (lower arrow) lesions in MRI
 72-year-old man with breast carcinoma. Axial, postcontrast, T1W fat-suppressed MRI image performed immediately after IV gadolinium administration, showing a circumscribed and avidly enhancing nodule in the right breast (arrow).
 CT scan showing the tip of the right ventricular lead penetrating the anterior wall of the right.
 Radiograph of the pelvis showing bilateral fracture of neck of femur.
 A representative kidney, ureter and bladder X-ray film following the subcutaneous nephrovesical bypass (SNVB) procedure. The SNVB bypass was implanted for a left ureteral obstruction and an appropriate site was chosen. The upper curved part of the bypass is located in left kidney, with the lower part in the bladder.
 T1W axial MRI image shows diffuse myopericardial thickening, with the thickened myocardium projecting into the right atrium (arrow)
 Mesothelioma presenting as a pleural effusion: Axial contrastenhanced CT scan showing moderate left pleural effusion as loculated collection with thickening of pleura (arrows) in a case of mesothelioma
 CECT abdomen showing Caroli's disease of liver
 Hypoplastic odontoid processs separated from the body of axis
 Plain radiographic features of pulmonary artery dissection. Posteroanterior chest radiograph showing cardiac enlargement and pulmonary arterial overcirculation. Pulmonary arterial overcirculation is indicated by prominent pulmonary arterial segments and greatly dilated hilar vessels.
 Contrast-enhanced CT scan of abdomen showing hepatosplenomegaly, para-aortic lymphadenopathy, and minimally enhancing splenic lesion at the level of splenic hilum
 Contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging, T1-weighted fat saturated coronal image shows a large isointense signal intensity mass admixed with hyperintense signal intensity
 Sonogram at the 2 o'clock position 12 months after cryoablation shows the site is difficult to locate except for the marker clip (white arrow). A very poorly defined area of decreased echogenicity is noted.
 Chest computed tomography scan. The chest computed tomography scan showed bilateral multilobular diffuse infiltrates
 Chest radiograph showed diffuse homogeneous infiltration in the upper lung zones and a confluent area in the right middle lobe without pleural effusion.
 Chest radiograph showing a well-expanded lung after bronchoscopic clot evacuation.
 Axial computed tomography image of the distal radius showing a displaced fracture of the sigmoid notch (SN). Point A and B were marked at subchondral fracture margins of SN. First line was drawn between the dorsal corner of SN and point B. Second line through point A was perpendicular to first line. The intersection of two lines was point C. Step-off of SN was measured as the distance between point A and C. Gap displacement was measured as the distance between point B and C.
  Intraoperative fluoroscopy demonstrating C3–7 posterior decompression and fusion.
 CT head demonstrated a small hemorrhage at the tip of the lead.
 A magnetic resonance image (with gadolinium) shows a transverse view of the heart in diastole. The mass in the right ventricle (asterisk) fills most of the ventricle, and impedes filling of the left ventricle (LV). Note also the severe dilatation of the right atrium (RA) as well as the pericardial effusion (bright).
 X-ray post-operative lateral view
 CT demonstrated periportal collateral circulation and gastric varices.
 A transverse still image of the upper airway using the high frequency, linear transducer at the level of the true vocal cords (TV). Sternocleidomastoid muscles (SM) are seen anterior in the image. The true vocal cords appear as a linear structure that moves with phonations and is generally hypoechoic compared to the false vocal cords. The thyroid cartilage (T) appears hyperechoic in the image and provides a good acoustic window to visualize the vocal cords.
 Squamous odontogenic tumor of the right mandible.
 Spiral CT angiography revealing a filling defect in left main pulmonary artery
 The hilar lesion (arrow) demonstrates low-to-moderate avidity on 18FDG PET and there is no FDG uptake elsewhere.
 Radiographic aspects of wrist – PA view – showing the scapholunate gap or the Terry-Thomas sign.
 Coronal true fast imaging with steady-state free precession (TRUFI) sequence demonstrating a long segment of distal ileum with wall stratification and thickening (arrows).
 Axial magnetic resonance image after gadolinium contrast shows the mass to have peripheral and septal enhancement (white arrow).
 7.5 MHz radial endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) image of the cyst seen in Figure 1a. The lesion has a multi-layered wall structure and areas of anechoic fluid as well as some echogenic material (seen on the left side of the lesion). EUS-fine needle aspiration was deferred. The lesion was surgically resected
 Reduced cartilage integrity in the patellafemoral compartment. Sagittal combined multi-echo gradient echo 3.0 Tesla magnetic resonance imaging scan.
 Ultrasonography of the cervical region in an asymptomatic child. Observe the right thyroid lobe (between markers) with preserved echotexture and dimensions.
 Preoperative X-ray showing the osteoarthritis of left hip.
 Irregular, multifocal, patchy consolidations.
 Axial view
 Aspect échographique d'une tumeur kystique multicloisonnée
 Axial T1 3T images of a 19-year-old patient with a stress fracture in the right III metatarsal bone. The bone trabeculae (arrows) visualize better in figure 6, the 3T images compared to figure 7, the 1.5T images.
 A large heterogeneously enhancing mass in right hemithorax with pleural effusion, rib involvement and periosteal reaction
 Axial MR image (T2 diffusion-weighted image) showing the vestibular schwannoma affecting the left vestibulocochlear nerve.
 Computerized Tomography of the abdomen showing a typical target-sign image associated with intestinal intussusception close to the midline.
 A view of the human heart on an axial CT scan showing the location of fat around the epicardium, paracardial mediastinum, descending aorta, and paravertebral region.
 In a 61-Year Old Man, Cut-Off and Run-Off was Located in Superficial Femoral Artery (SFA) and One-Third Distal of Common Femoral Artery (CFA), Respectively by MR-Angiography, During Surgery the Cut-Off and Run Off Was Seen in One-Third Distal of CFA and Proximal of Popliteal Artery, Respectively.
 The head center-acetabulum center discrepancy (HC-ACD) appreciates the rate of the inclination angle diminution from 150° to 130° and it indicates the need of associating a muscle relaxation to the osteotomy. The normal value of HC-ACD is between +/- 15°. A value bigger than 15° represents the coxa vara and a value lower than -15° represents the coxa valga when the acetabulum is normal (after Gh. Burnei).
 Post-operative X-ray of patient following complete femur arthroplasty.
 Abdominal plain film with no gross abnormalities.
 Fluoroscopic image showing the site of the bullet
 Chest X-ray showing patchy infiltrates in both lungs.
 Computed tomography of the third patient. A focal colon wall defect above the anastomosis site associated with pneumoperitoneum is seen.
 CT thorax showing infiltrate in the left upper lobe.
 Plain X-ray of the abdomen showing radio-opaque marker of the swab (arrow)
 Sagittal reconstructed images better demonstrates the herniation of the bladder into the inguinal canal (arrow)
 The axial image of CCTA in subgroup B2.Fifty-two years old, male, 75kg. CT values in target vessels are as following: AO = 388.12HU, LMA = 359.05HU, LAD = 339.61HU, LCX = 323.09HU.
 Estimating the fat fraction in peripheral region and deep region. The fat fraction (1/10 of the mean value in the region of interest) in the peripheral region measures 17.5% and in the deep region measures 21.7%. SD, standard deviation.
 Contrast-enhanced CT image showing massive thrombosis of the right and left pulmonary artery (arrows).
 Non-mass-forming PASH. PASH was depicted not as a mass but as low echoic lesions intermingled with the normal parenchyma. The initial pathological diagnosis of this case was fibrocystic change, but the lesion was identified as PASH after surgical excision. PASH, pseudoangiomatous stromal hyperplasia.
 CT Head with contrast done the following day showed diffuse white matter low attenuation with sulcal effacement, involving the splenium of the corpus callosum, without abnormal enhancement.
 AP radiograph of a stable shoulder presents a preserved sclerotic line.
 Right carotid angiography on admission, lateral view. It showed non-branching aneurysm (arrow) in C2 portion of the right internal carotid artery.
 CT scan demonstrating a large mass occupying the vaginal cavity.
 TCCS with Doppler spectrum revealing tachyarrhythmia with changing cardiac output volumes in a 50-year-old patient. The patient experienced 5 h of mild facial paralysis and weakness of the left arm. MRI confirmed a small cardioembolic right MCA infarction (not shown).
 Chest X-ray (posteroanterior) showing bilateral reticular opacities
 Enhanced computed tomography demonstrated an enhanced tumor thrombus in the inferior vena cava extending from the renal vein to the intrahepatic level.
 CT coronal cut: soft tissue window.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram in apical four-chamber view shows severe hypoplasia of the right atrium and right ventricle
 Axial CT image demonstrated AARF; the right lateral mass of the atlas C1 lies anterior to the articular surface of C2.
 A 6-electrode deflectable ablation catheter (EP Technologies) is shown during an endocardial catheter-based Maze procedure. The view is left anterior oblique. The catheter courses along the right atrial septum from the coronary sinus to the anterior right atrium. A quadripolar electrode catheter is in the coronary sinus and an intracardiac echo probe is in the low right atrium.
 CT of the chest with contrast. This coronal view reveals a displaced fracture fragment of the proximal right first rib (white arrow).
 CT scan showing a marked reduction in size of the hepatic lesions. A small organised subcapsular haematoma is noted as result of previous biopsy.
 Nephrostogram during initial puncture demonstrates upper pole calculi with a narrow, tortuous infundibulum.
 Illustration showing the method by which loss of ramus height was measured on the panoramic view. A reference line was drawn through both gonial angles. A perpendicular line between the most superior point of the condyle and the reference line was drawn on the panoramic radiograph. The difference between the non-fractured and fractured side was used as a measure of difference in ramus length.
 Brain MRI showing multiple septic emboli.
 Chest radiograph showed multiple sharply circumscribed nodules of variable size scattered in both lung fields, suggestive of metastasis
 Coronal CT with the aspirated tooth in rat bronchus intermedius.
 Shuntogram via the functioning shunt shows normal peritoneal drainage of contrast. Arrows show the catheter and drainage of contrast into peritoneum.
 "T1-weighted, fat-suppressed, contrast-enhanced on a sagittal plane MR image revealed a hyperintense central part and a hypointense irregular wall corresponding to myxoid and fibrous pattern, respectively."
 Example of loosening of elbow arthroplasty.
 Radiograph showing insufficient reduction of the trochanteric fracture after implantation of the Gamma 3 nail.
 Localised anteroposterior view of lumbosacral radiograph showing erosion of the lateral half of the right L4 pedicle (white arrow), lateral border of the vertebral body (open arrow), and associated bony sclerosis. Note the normal, symmetrical pedicles at L3 (dashed arrows).
 Abdominal radiography showing right upper quadrant mass enlargement.
 Carotid Cerebral Angiogram (Right Internal Carotid Artery injection, lateral view) revealing a 3 × 3 mm aneurysm on a distal angular MCA branch.
 First postoperative x-ray.
 Chest X-ray showing hyperinflated lungs and a discrete subcutaneous emphysema at the neck and the upper mediastinum (arrows).
 Reversal sign. Axial noncontrast CT scan of the brain in a child with severe head injury shows low attenuation of the cerebral hemispheres with complete loss of gray matter-white matter differentiation, small temporal horns, and effacement of the basal cisterns. The findings are suggestive of cerebral edema. There is relative preservation of the cerebellum (arrows) with hyperattenuation (‘white cerebellum’)
 Patient 1 Postoperative CT thorax showing many large lung bullae in left apex with smaller bullae, and a bullectomy suture line in the right. The aspergilloma and surrounding cavity that was found has been excised.
 Adequate reduction by percutaneous external K-wire
 Computerized tomography scan chest showed evidence of ground glass opacities involving both lungs
 Orthopantomogram showing multilocular swelling
 Contrast CT scan, axial section, shows homogeneous enhancement of the lesion located in the right high temporal region. Note the intact inner table and interruption of the outer table of the skull
 Pre-embolism angiography shows the tumor's vascularity.
 Abdominal MRI showing the hepatic invasion, which was submitted to en block resection with the right adrenal.
 Ultrasound images showing a) that bubbles helped visualise the injections and were clearly observed in the joint space between femur and fat pad. The needle b) and subsequent metal shadow are clearly seen during an injection that created subcutaneous expansion.
 Upper GI contrast study showing lesion at pyloroduodenal region.
 CT scan of the abdomen showing a dramatic decrease in size of the metastasis (marked by arrows) in the left lobe of the liver after treatment with eight cycles of pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel.
 Linear endoscopic ultrasonography image showing a thickened and strictured proximal bile duct 13 mm in outer diameter.
 Angio-CT axial scan of aneurysm below renal arteries after EVAR. Soft tissue infiltration with postcontrast enhancement is visible, which encompasses the aorta, the inferior vena cava, and the hematoma in the left iliopsoas muscle (arrow). Osteolysis of the L4 vertebral body is evident
 Low dose computed tomography (group 1; 120 kV, 150 mAsec).
 CT scan shows hypodens lesion with same surrounding hyperdensity at coracoglenoid junction.
 Retrograde urography image showed an obvious stenosis at the upper segment of ureter and hydronephrosis.
 Coronal computer tomography scan cut showing the same findings
 Liposarcoma of kidney.Axial post-contrast computed tomography image of 67-year-old male with surgically proven liposarcoma of kidney shows non-specific contrast enhancement and well circumscribed mass in upper pole of left kidney (arrow) with no associated macroscopic fat.
 9-day-old infant with thoracic neuroblastoma. Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan through the mid-chest. A heterogeneously enhancing mass occupies the left posterior mediastinum (blue asterisk) with speckled calcifications (red arrowheads), neural foramen invasion (green arrow), and ipsilateral rib destruction. Note the anterior and righward deviation of the mediastinal structures.
 Coronary angiogram showing a non dominant circumflex with a small caliber first obtuse marginal (OM1) totally occluded at the proximal end and a large caliber second obtuse marginal with a 75% stenosis in the mid portion.
 Panoramic radiograph of the patient aged 8 years and 1 month showing the absence of mandibular permanent second premolars.
 Bicipital aponeurosis (BA) longitudinal view. The BA (white arrowheads) is seen as double contour emerging from the myotendineous junction of biceps brachii muscle (orange arrowhead), bridging the brachial artery (red dashed oval) and connecting to the antebrachial fascia that covers the pronator teres muscle (grey arrowhead). Note that the BA is clearly distinguishable from the subcutis (asterisks)! BR brachialis muscle (color figure online)
 Frontal chest radiograph showing a fairly well marginated, rounded homogenous opacity in the lateral aspect of the right middle lung zone
 Preoperative abdominal CT scan with i.v. and oral contrast: a large left inhomogeneous renal tumor is evident.
 Measurement points of head computed tomography at the basal ganglial level. The indicated points were measured in Hounsfield units. Open circles indicate the positioning of the 10-mm2 regions of interest in the cerebral cortex. Open triangles indicate the positioning of the regions of interest in the white matter 1. Square symbols indicate the hallmarks placed to divide the distance from the frontal pole to occipital pole into four equal parts.
 T1 lesion T1 lesion, with hypoechoic muscularis propria layer be intact throughout
 Ovary with increased stromal volume and peripherally arranged follicles. Arrow – ovarian stroma
 Chest X‐ray showing pulmonary sarcoidosis.
 The decompression device was removed.
 Ultrasound, sagittal cut, showing the 5 × 10 cm length of the fistulous track.
 Filling defect in the right main pulmonary artery.Abbreviations: AA, ascending aorta; DA, descending aorta; LDPA, left descending pulmonary artery; PT, pulmonary trunk; RB, right bronchus; RPA, right pulmonary artery; SVC, superior vena cava.
  99mTc imaging showing increased radiotracer localization (arrow) in the superolateral aspect of the left orbit.
 The magnetic resonance image shows a right-sided heart with the apex pointing to the right. The pulmonary veins are seen entering the left atrium (PV), with the tricuspid valve [TV] guarding the junction with the coarsely trabeculated systemic morphologically right ventricle.
 Standing X-ray films showed a metal shadow in the right abdominal quadrant between the third lumbar vertebra and the fifth lumbar vertebra level.
 MRI of the liver. One month after discontinuing adjuvant treatment MRI shows clearly cirrhotic changes of the parenchyma.
 Multiple cystic lesions in liver
 Coronal view of a head CT showing a complete left TMJ dislocation with anterior displacement of the mandibular condyle. In this image, while the right TMJ is noted, the left TMJ is not seen.
 Obturation radiograph
 (D) Reduced leakage on FFA compared to initial presentation
 The presence of horseshoe kidney in abdominal ultrasonography.
 MRI sagital section shows well-defined hypointense lesion in lateral ventricle (arrow)
 A 60-year-old man with hepatocellular carcinoma in the right lobe who underwent posterior segmentectomy (group I). CT Scan obtained during the delayed phase shows an oval hepatocellular carcinoma measuring 5 × 7 cm and two small perinodular extensions (straight arrows). Note disruption of the enhancing capsule (curved arrow).
 Initial pelvis anteroposterior X-ray after injury of an 45-year-old patient with an AO/OTA type C1.2 with atypical pelvic crescent fracture that is mainly influenced by vertical shear injury and is characterized by posterior fracture-dislocations of the sacroiliac joint.
 Initial right upper quadrant ultrasound.The image demonstrates intraluminal hypoechoic (red arrow) material. Given the appearance and lack of discrete internal flow, it appears to be most likely due to gallstones or tumefactive sludge, which is a benign mimic of a neoplasm.
 Post-treatment ultrasound scan (January 9, 2008); no mass is detectable and the choroid reveals normal thickness (arrow).
 Echocardiographic examination demonstrates a thickened pericardium (arrowheads) with a hypoechoic pleural effusion (arrow). LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; RA, right atrium; RV, right ventricle.
 Midesophageal bicaval echocardiographic (transesophageal echocardiography) view showing decompression of right atrium after drainage of collection
 MRI T2-weighted axial image of the brain showing symmetrical hyperintensity in bilateral pulvinar nucluei of the thalamus
 Post-operative X-ray showing stable fixation.
 Computed tomography of the neck on initial presentation revealing wall thickening of the left distal common carotid artery with hazing of the adjacent fat (red arrow)
 The gastrocolic trunk is seen taking origin from the aspect of superior mesenteric vein closer to the descending duodenum.
 Physical examination of delivery system after 2 h.
 Fluoroscopic image obtained after placement of 6-French sheath. A stiff glide wire is passed through the sheath into the peritoneal cavity. Note the small amount of contrast material in the pelvic peritoneal cavity.
 Computed tomography showing grossly enlarged kidneys consistent with polycystic kidney disease.
 Sagittal computed tomography scan of the facial region obtained 6 days after the injury.The swelling of the oropharyngeal region, including the tongue, had improved.
 Anteroposterior (AP) hip radiograph performed 6 years postimplantation with metal-on-metal prosthesis in appropriate alignment without signs of loosening, osteolysis, or hardware failure.
 Preoperative PET-CT scan revealed multiple nodules in the spleen and a hepatic lesion with high metabolic activity.
 An encapsulated spongiform mass with a radio opaque marker (white arrow), suggestive or a laparotomy pad with its radio opaque ribbon.
 Chest X-ray showing resolution of bilateral pneumothoraces after left-sided intercostal tube drainage
 Computed tomography scan image of lungs on day 18. Multiple nodules and consolidation are observed diffusely in both lungs.
 A follow-up CT chest at the end of the triple drug therapy showed a complete resolution of Mycobacterium kansasii pulmonary infection.
 The T11 vertebra screw adjusts aorta was revised
 CT abdomen showing intramural air (yellow arrow) within the proximal–mid stomach consistent with emphysematous gastritis.
 Axial contrast-enhanced computerized tomography at the level of the upper mediastinum showing bilateral loculated lung abscesses (*) and collection within the mediastinum (+)
 Coronal CT showing perinephric fluid (long arrow) surrounding renal cortex (medium arrow) and parapelvic fluid (short arrow).
 Sagittal image of standard MRI examination as a topogram for planning the paracoronal oblique T2 FSE 2 mm image.
 Four vessel digital subtraction angiogram showing the absence of prominent arterial feeder or tumor blush.
 Scanner showing a nodule in the upper right lung lobe (arrow)
 Preoperative computed tomographic scan shows large right paratracheal cyst.
 Day 2 post op CT A/P with no evidence of intra-abdominal collection/foreign body. Dilatation of entire intestine (large bowel up to 9 cm) most likely representing postsurgical ileus rather than a mechanical obstruction.
 Evaluation of epicardial adipose tissueEAT - identified as an echo-free space between the myocardium and visceral pericardium from the parasternal long-axis view on two-dimensional echocardiography, was measured perpendicularly in front of the right ventricular free wall at end-systole
 Axilliary nerve block, ulnar, radial, and median nerves
 PET-CT of the tumour in the right lung.
 Post craniotomy
 Abdominal X-ray shows dilatation of proximal bowel segments.
 Chest computed tomography scan showing left ethmoidal and maxillary sinusitis
 2011 maximum intensity projection coronal oblique reformat MDCT angiogram showing embolus lodged at the left CFA bifurcation (arrow).Abbreviations: MDCT, multidimensional computed tomography; CFA - common femoral artery.
 Intra-oral radiograph showing the implant 12 months after placement
 MPR coronal reconstruction. Fracture of the left condyle of mandible. Asterisk shows fracture fragment.
 Chest radiograph showing extensive subcutaneous emphysema with associated pneumomediastinum (arrowhead) and bilateral pneumothorax (arrow).
 Coronal sinus CT scan of paranasal sinuses (mucosal thickening of ethmoidal sinuses and both maxillary sinuses and destruction of the medial wall of maxillary sinus and nasal septum)
 HPVG in the superior periphery of the right hepatic lobe.
 Axial T2-weighted MRI image. A well-bordered lesion was detected in the right external auditory canal. After intravenous gadolinium injection, the lesion had high signal intensity on T2-weighted image.
 Chest Xray photographed with Olympus C2500 digital camera, Bosnia Dec 1999
 CT of lower part of pelvis and proximal parts of both thighs with air in the pelvis and scrotum and upper part of both thighs
 RAO view showing total occlusion of proximal LCX and distal LAD following air embolism (RAO: right anterior oblique view).
 Vessel wall oedema in the branches of the coeliac artery (coronal view). Note. SAM = segmental arterial mediolysis.
 The anteroposterior pelvis graphy, determined multilobular dense nodular components in the periarticular soft tissue around the pelvis joint
 Anterior mediastinal mass
 CT image of a lung nodule.
 Hybrid assembly. A) Open tibial fracture treated initially with debridement and unilateral external fixator. B) X-ray depicting Hybrid assembly and early fracture union. C) X-ray post frame removal showing fracture consolidation
 Contrast enhanced CT abdomen showing splenic artery pseudoaneurysm.
  Coronary angiogram showing dissection of the proximal left anterior descending coronary artery.
 Postembolisation
 Liquid stratification in composition A, after heating at 1050 °C for one hour, as shown by a backscattered electron micrograph in the atomic number contrast mode.
 Radiograph on the left knee, in frontal view: normal results.
 T2-weighted midline sagittal image showing caudal transtentorial herniation of the midbrain through the osseous tentorium and caudal herniation of the cerebellum through the foramen magnum (arrowheads). Additionally, there is an ill-defined, mildly hyperintense mass effect in the ventral aspect of forebrain including the caudal nucleus of the thalamus, interthalamic adhesion, colliculi, and midbrain (arrows). MRI scan.
 Mild splenomegaly.
 Gastrographin enema showing a gastrointestinal perforation reaching to the sacral lacunae.
 Radiograph of a shoulder in lateral scapular view showing breakage of synthesis material (arrow).
 On transverse sonogram of the thyroid, right lobe (R) displays normal, homogeneous echotexture without any nodule. Left lobe cannot be demonstrated. Strap muscles and vascular structures are displaced to fill the location of the left lobe (L).
 The tendon reconstruction by using the plate and screw technique
 Computed tomography scan 1 week after the surgery—large right and moderate left pleural effusions.
 Axial T1-weighted fat-suppressed image postcontrast shows a well-defined rim-enhancing collection (white arrows) at the anterior perisacral space compatible with abscess, as well as abnormal marrow enhancement (thick arrow) in the sacrum consistent with osteomyelitis.
 Axial CT scan showing lateral cortical violation
 Volume-rendered axial image showing a retroaortic left renal vein (arrowhead)
 A case of pancreatic duct leak into the lesser sac. Computerized tomography scan was done after endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. The contrast is filling the lesser sac. The computerized tomography scan shows the splenic recess of the lesser sac
 Axial MRI displaying anchor material (white arrow) perforating through the medial cortex, adjacent the neurovascular bundle 68 × 67 mm.
 Chest computed tomography on the sixth day after admission shows diffuse alveolar hemorrhage on both lung fields.
 Imaging. Chest X-ray scan reveals a limited semicircle shadow located in the left heart edge.
 At 5.6 years, 1 patient´s patella was misaligned (off by 3 to 12mm at 90°).
 Axial CT image through the abdomen demonstrates a well-defined mass arising from the lower pole of the right kidney containing fat and soft tissue elements consistent with an angiomyolipoma.
 T2 and flair sequence hyperintense lobulated well-encapsulated lesion was seen in the superomedial aspect of the right orbit involving both intra- and extra-conal space
 Axial view of opacification on CT showing the externalization of the drain in the pericardium (arrow).
 Arterial phase CT scan of a 54-year-old woman shows a high-density stent in the bile duct and a hypodense tumoral lesion in the periampullary region
 Contrast enhanced T1 weighted image showing normally functioning right lower moity
 Esophagogram showing complete disruption of the cervical esophagogastric anastomosis.
 Chest X-ray showing clear lung fields with low lung volumes (yellow arrows), elevated hemi diaphragm (black arrow).
 X-Ray demonstration of intraprosthetic screw fixation [42].
 Postembolization there was minimal residual extravasation from the area supplied by the intracranial circulation (ophthalmic artery) with nonfilling of the pseudoaneurysm and complete occlusion of the left internal maxillary artery.
 Concentration in liver and gluteal lesion but no concentration in neck lesion and lung nodules. The positron emission tomography-computed tomography (PET–CT) scan after six months
 ERCP confirming Mirizzi syndrome with the guidewire in the gallbladder (GB). The stone is impacted in the cystic duct, which is anterior and parallel to the common hepatic duct. Note the narrow common bile duct and the dilatation of the common hepatic and intrahepatic ducts.
 Post-contrast axial fat-saturated T1-weighted images show well-circumscribed, lobular mass with heterogeneous enhancement
 Ultrasound image demonstrating the presence of a solitary renal calculus in the right kidney with no other significant pathology.
 Case 2 - 3 years postoperative
 Parasternal long axis view with color flow showing the turbulence of the Impella located subvalvular (yellow arrow).
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen with dilated loops of small bowel and retained contrast. There is also thickened wall of the lower rectum and ascitic fluid throughout.
 XRay KUB showing a irregular shaped stone
 When the instrument with the tail-end comes out of the dome the dome will turn bright blue, until the error is restored
 Postoperative color duplex scan showing restoration of arterial blood flow inside the popliteal artery.
 Longitudinal ultrasound image of predominantly cystic nodule in 66-year-old woman shows eccentric configuration. Note difference between smooth margin of entire nodule (arrows) and non-smooth margin of internal solid portion (arrowheads). This lesion was surgically confirmed as papillary thyroid carcinoma despite substantial cystic portion.
 Case #1. Computerized tomography scan showing a large tumor in the left kidney
 ASD secundum (A) and Cor triatriatum sinister with fenestration (f).
 Postoperative X-ray of the patient with total hip replacement with constrained acetabular component
 CT. 1: Large localized pneumothorax in right lung. 2: Mixed alveolar and interstitial fibrosis. 3: Pleural thickening in right lung. 4: Several bullae in right lung. 5: Alveolar and interstitial shadowing. 6: Paraseptal emphysema in anterior segment of left upper lobe
 Lésion bleuâtre de 1cm au niveau de la paroi antérolatérale droite du vagin à la jonction des 2/3 sup en rapport avec une localisation secondaire de la môle partielle
 Immediate post operative X-ray in a patient showing primary screw perforation.
 Selective left gastric arteriogram showed ruptured small aneurysm with cranial and caudal feeding arteries.
 Draining vein to the inferior sagittal sinus
 Preoperative intraoral periapical radiograph
 Xray shows a displaced middle third fracture of clavicle.
 Axial T1-weighted MRI with gadolinium enhancement reveals a mass lesion with irregular borders with heterogeneous contrast enhancement extending posterior and superior towards the temporoparietal structures accompanied by a non-enhancing cystic component
 Preoperative IOPA
 Radiograph at 12th month postoperative period showing a posterior inferior migration of acetabular cup in Lateral view.
 X ray skull lateral view showing malocclusion of teeth
 Longitudinal view of myositis ossificans (arrow) located deep within the vastus intermedius of a 40-year-old male basketball player. Note the irregular hyperechogenic (bright) structure representing the myositis ossificans. Four weeks prior to this, another basketball player’s knee struck this athlete in the thigh that resulted in persistent pain with end range knee flexion
 Chest CT scan showing diffuse airspace disease with associated reticular nodular opacities and apparent tree in bud configuration with small cavitary pulmonary nodule noted at the superolateral left lung apex.
 Pulmonary vein presentation in a healthy volunteer (bright signal)
 Plain radiograph, 1 year post operative shows sclerosis of bony destruction at sacrum. MR examination of pelvis one year after surgery demonstrates no significant change in size and aggressiveness of the tumor, but not increase.
 In a patient with left lower lobe hemorrhage, arteriography of combined right and left bronchial trunk demonstrates mild dilatation of right bronchial artery with hypervascularity in all, more prominent upper lobe, and thin left bronchial artery with extravasation of the contrast material into the lower lobe bronchial lumen (arrow).
 Post-operative X-rays.
 Loosening screw on fixed plate.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of orbits showing normal optic nerves
 An amniotic fluid pocket (arrow) is seen containing loops of cord (arrowheads). The cord should be excluded when measuring amniotic fluid volume
 Follow-up computed tomography scan 1 month after the treatment for pyogenic abscess shows 1.5 cm enhancing portion in the intrapancreatic common bile duct (CBD) with progression of biliary dilatation suggesting distal CBD cancer (arrow).
 CT scan of the chest and abdomen revealed presence of a 3.4 cm mass adjacent to the left hemidiaphragm.
 Videofluoroscopy showing the complete PES.
 Arrow showing position of linear structure.
 Aggressive periodontitis in subjects with Down syndrome. The panoramic radiography is from a 37-year-old man. Note: a) the bone loss marked between the two lines is severe and extensive; and 2) multiple teeth are lost due to periodontal disease.
 Contrast-enhanced axial computed tomogram (CT) image obtained during portal venous phase shows a large mass (arrows) in the spleen, the mass is showing diffuse homogeneous enhancement on the lateral aspect and the medial aspect is hypoenhanced. A cyst in the liver is also demonstrated (arrowhead).
 Plain radiograph of the pelvis with a left iliac wing fracture.
 T1 postcontrast MRI imaging showing sphenoid sinus invasion
 (A) Preoperative anterior-posterior (AP) view of the left hip of a 69-year-old male. Pincer-type impingement as a result of a coxa profunda. The preoperative Harris Hip Score was 65. (B) Two-year postoperative AP view. There is normal coverage and preservation of the joint space. The postoperative Harris Hip Score was 86.
 Periapical view 24 months after the placement of implant.
 Girl with pain on the tibia after jumping on the trampoline. Coronal STIR sequence shows a fracture (arrow) of the proximal tibia metaphysis with surrounding soft tissue damage
 This 6-month postoperative 2D-CT demonstrated the fusion mass dorsolateral to the facet joints/laminae of C7, T1, and T2
 Réaction périsoté, suite à un hématome décollant le périoste de l'humérus
 Ultrasound aspects of the renal hematoma.
 Radiografia de tórax mostrando derrame pleural à direita e infiltrado pneumônico em terço médio e em lobo inferior de hemitórax esquerdo.
 Axial postcontrast T1W MR image showing mild enhancement of the hypointense tissue, surrounding the right coronary artery.
 Patient 3 with bilateral posterventral GPi implantation
 The thoraco-lumber spine showed a vertebral planner at L1 and a wedged collapse of T11-T12 vertebrae
 Transarterial angiographic view showing that contrast drained into the T-tube choledochostomy (arrow).
 Normal magnetic resonance imaging showing complete filling of venous sinuses without any signal void
 Muscular ventricular septal defect closure with one disc expanded – transoesophageal echocardiographical (TEE) image.
 Subcostal view showing discordant ventriculoarterial connections together with the presence of parallel, rather than crossing, great arteries arising form the ventricles.
 An enlarged image of the previous CT scan
 Six months after plate osteosynthesis. There is a minimal callus forming, without consolidation.
 Proximal part of left circumflex coronary artery (Cx PROX) in color Doppler. Parasternal short axis view with imaging plane oriented just below the left auricle.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showed a tumor occlusion of both the common bile duct and the main pancreatic duct (white arrow).
 Enlarged ovarian cyst 3.2 litres. Note the liver edge and diaphragm on the left.
 Flouroscopic guided foreign body removal.
 CT showing vertical fracture of C2 body
 Measurements of FA and ADC value at the centrum semiovale in a patient (case 7 in group S). Regions of interest (ROIs) were placed bilaterally on the centrum semiovale in non-diffusion-weighted image
 Axial isodose distributions for a planar permanent 125I paraspinal implant. Intraoperative 125I seed placement has been used in conjunction with sublobar resection in patients with lung cancer who are medically unfit for lobar resection. This technique is currently being evaluated in the USA in a multi-institution randomized prospective trial by the American College of Surgeons Oncology Group (ACOSOG) Z4032 [41]
 Measurements of orbital widths (horizontal yellow lines), orbital heights (vertical yellow lines), and inter-orbital distance (horizontal red line) on digital posteroanterior radiograph
 Transthoracic echocardiogram showing a calcified apical thrombus and global hypokinesis.
 Right pulmonary artery angiogram - arterial phase.
 T1-weighted coronal magnetic resonance imaging scan with fat saturation and gadolinium enhancement. The cortical mass is seen as a low signal with an enhancing rim (arrows).
 Her2/neu-positive HR-negative tumor in a 47 year old patient (G3, invasive ductal). The tumor presents as a bizarre, hypoechoic mass with architectural distortion of the surrounding tissue and a widely lobulated or microlobulated margin, but no echoic halo.
 On the transversal scan of the right epigastrium the arrows indicate a pronounced reduction of the integument mass with a total atrophy of stratification. L – liver. The patient after several laparotomies because of phlegmon in the course of acute pancreatitis
 Transthoracic echocardiography – image of a mass resembling a slightly attached thrombus and obstructing the artificial aortic valve
 X-ray of the abdomen showing bilateral nephrostomy tubes with contrast introduced into the tube on the left of the patient
 Erect plain abdominal X-ray on admission confirming tension pneumoperitoneum. Large amount of free gas under the right dome of the diaphragm, enveloping the liver (white arrow). The liver is diminished in size and has shifted downwards and medially, resembling a collapsed lung in pneumothorax: “the saddlebag sign” (yellow arrow). Liquid level in the free peritoneal cavity (blue arrow). High position of the right dome of the diaphragm (red arrow). Nasogastric tube (green arrow)
 Thorax CT, It is observed that the lesion shows spiculation into the lung parenchyma in the coronal reformatted images and parenchymal window
 CNFs-on-tip emitter (SEM image). Electron emission takes place at the tip end (arrow-indicated).
 Contrast echocardiography showed an immediate right-to-left shunting through the secundum atrial septal defect
 The posterior femoral condylar offset is measured by the maximum thickness of the posterior condyle projected posteriorly to the tangent of the posterior cortex of the femoral shaft.
 Coronal STIR (T2W) image showing same appearance as in Figure 3 and normal left hip
 Emergency CT- Scan of the abdomen: Another section showing a dilated stomach with intragastric non-homogeneous mass compatible with bowel loops.
 Right lower lobe pulmonary infarct (arrow)
 Postoperative anteroposterior pelvic plain film radiographs showing second-stage THR revisions in situ.
 62-year-old woman with invasive lobular carcinoma of the left breast. Sonogram of the left breast in 2001 shows large area of ill-defined shadowing.
 Computed tomography scan showing dilated loops of small bowel consistent with a possible small bowel obstruction with possible target sign in right lower quadrant raising the possibility of intussusception.
 MRI scan of case 3 showing left caudate and centrum semiovale infarcts
 Post-embolisation check angiogram showing complete cut-off of the aneurysm from circulation (arrow)
 23-year-old male with post-traumatic acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. Axial FLAIR image showing the high-signal-intensity lesion in the right temporo-parietal region.
 Plain radiograph, lateral view, of the cervical spine demonstrates air that appears to be communicating with plate.
 Magnified view of the aortic knuckle showing the tip of an intra-aortic balloon pump (solid white arrow); the endotracheal tube is marked by the hollow arrow
 ICE after the jump of the transseptal needle into the oval fossa. The needle tip points towards the aorta. Ao – non-coronary sinus of the aorta; LA – left atrium; RA – right atrium; TSN – transseptal needle.
 X-Ray of the Radius and Ulna Showing Hypophosphatemic Rickets With Fracture
 Barium enema shows transitional zone and reversed rectosigmoid index in a 3-month-old Hirschsprung disease patient
 Fistulogram showing the communication with the small bowel.
 X-thorax after 5 days. The clips of the proximal and distal pouch have reached each other (arrow)
 PET scan of recurrence, Case 4, marginal miss, poor coverage of high level 2/base of skull.
 Horizontal OCT findings in a 42-year-old woman with SLE in her left eye. Note the irregular hyperreflectance foci in the choroid (arrows).
 Transthoracic echocardiogram, apical four-chamber view.
 Coronal CT image describing the size of the tumor and its mass effect to the right kidney.
 Coronal noncontrast computed tomography (NCCT) scan in bone window showing fracture of the superior margin of the left optic canal (white arrow) with associated mucosal thickening of the sphenoid sinus (black arrow); also seen is the fracture of the lateral wall of left pterygoid bone (white arrow head)
 FSE sequence, T2WI, sagittal plane. Partial callosal agenesis in the form of its shortening.
 Ultrasonogram showing a heterogeneous oval mass within the sub-cutaneous tissue
 Hyperdense lung lesion not attributed to normal postmortem change in 18-year-old deceased man (case 8).CT scan obtained 3 hours and 32 minutes after death shows multiple areas of consolidation and randomly distributed nodules. Subsequent autopsy revealed pneumonia. CT = computed tomography
 Corkscrew oesophagus. Barium swallow.
 Real-time ultrasound guidance using an out-of-plane approach. Progression of the needle is determined by a distinct acoustic shadow (arrow). TL, trachea lumen; TR, tracheal ring.
 Coronal reformatted CT image demonstrates duodenal thickening due to inflammation.
 Asymptomatic fracture of the sandwiched methyl methacrylate prosthesis; incidental finding during routine follow-up CT scan performed at 1.5 years after resection of sternal chondrosarcoma.Abbreviation: CT, computed tomography.
 Brain MRI, axial view. Persistent enhancement of both acoustic nerves without obvious meningeal enhancement (white circle and arrows).
 IOPA radiograph of mandibular molar region
 Root angiogram showing suspected rupture of sinus of valsalva aneurysm (arrow)
 Axial computed tomography scan of the left temporal bone showed thickening of the tympanic membrane with a normal middle ear and mastoid cavity (arrow: tympanic membrane).
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain T2 FLAIR sequence showing bilateral symmetrical medial thalamic hyperintensities (Case 3)
 Rétrécissement de la bouche de Killian et de l'sophage thoracique (A et B)
 The MRI shows that the mass is approximately 5.2 x 4.3 cm (AP x transverse), centered in the right half of the face/neck (10).
 Percutaneous ultrathin endoscopic image showing a covered stent placed at the proximal jejunum stricture.
 The length of styloid process was measured in the upper limits at the right side (25 mm) while it was elongated at the left side (34 mm).
 A point (right) and PNS (left) on a sagittal slice through the midline.
 Cranial MRI before radiotherapy.
 Panoramic radiograph showing radiolucent lesion on the right and left side of maxilla
 High-resolution computed tomography scan showing erosion of the C7 transverse process with sclerotic residual bone
 Post operative CT scan of the brain showing total excision of the lesion.
  Pathology of the right optic nerve (*) – postcontrast magnetic resonance imaging.
 PET/CT axial scan of a 55-year-old male patient, showing two slightly enlarged supraclavicular lymph nodes, which were suspected of malignancy given their hypermetabolic character and location. Subsequent specimen analyses confirmed the presence of metastatic disease.
 Coronal contrast‐enhanced CT image demonstrated thickening of the bowel wall with submucosal edema and all layers of the bowel delineated. (Yellow arrows).
 CT scan of abdomen showing intussuscepted bowel.
 Virtual planning of screw position. (a) Buccal view, (b) Lingual view.
 Axial T2-weighted thoracic magnetic resonance image. Note intradural lesion at T10 (arrow).
 Ultrasonography of left psoas collection.
 Coronary angiography in LAO view with dissection of the left anterior descending artery.
 About 1 into 1 cm rent was present on anterior wall of uterus.
 Pneumobila.
 Pelvic arteriography showing occlusion of right superficial femoralis artery (AFS) in the length of 5 cm and of left AFS in length of 18 cm (Case 2).
 Midesophageal long axis view of the aortic valve with color flow Doppler. No aortic regurgitation was evident
 Urethrogram after direct end-to-end anastomosis
 Postoperative CT-angiography. Coils in the gastroduodenal artery (white arrow) and PTFE (polytetrafluoroethylene) prosthesis in the hepatic artery (black arrows).
 Preoperative thoracolumbar CT demonstrating hardware failure and loss of vertebral disk height at T10
 Volume-rendered coronal image showing a retroaortic left renal vein (white arrow). Normally it joins the lumbar segment of the IVC although on rare occasions it reaches the iliac vein
 A standing posterior–anterior radiograph of a 14-year-old girl with thoracic curve dominance illustrating the measurements of L/R ratio of ASIS-SI and TS. ASIS = anterior-superior iliac spine, L/R ratio = left/right ratio, SI = inferior ilium at the sacroiliac joint, TS = trunk shift.
 Systemic atrioventricular valve crossing with Terumo wire: Through Mullin’s sheath, a 5F Swan-Ganz catheter is used to engage the stenotic valve. A 0.025” J-tip Terumo wire is introduced into the systemic ventricle and ascending aorta
 Chest radiograph demonstrates dextrocardia with an elevated left hemidiaphragm when compared to the right, given the presence of a left-sided liver.
 Diffuse deletion of cortical sulci and basal cisterns accompanied by a collapse of the ventricular system with gray-white substance dedifferentiation substance diffuse cerebral edema in an eclamptic patient of 17 years old
 Spontaneous patella fracture 9 months following the revision procedure.
 Case 1 panoramic radiography.
 Pulmonary angiogram showing absent right pulmonary artery.
 Preoperative X-ray showing dorsal dislocation
 Follow-up CT in 18 months later showed marked regression of pancreatic desmoid tumor under celecoxib treatment
 Before treatment two segmental renal arteries, both the anterior and the posterior branches, were injured, (the arrows point to the bleeding sites).
 Anteroposterior view of a left hip in a patient with a crossover sign. The anterior wall of the acetabulum is outlined in red, while the posterior acetabular wall is outlined in blue. In a hip with typical anteversion, the outline of the anterior wall will remain medial to the outline of the posterior wall. In this patient with acetabular retroversion, the outline of the posterior wall crosses medial to the outline of the anterior wall. This is referred to as the crossover sign.
 CT scan of thorax done at the time of SCC diagnosis from lymph node biopsy shows no pleural effusion, nodular parenchymal disease, or pleural thickening.
 Orthopantomography of the patient after 36 months from surgery.
 Expansile and lytic lesion over the left shoulder with cortex poorly delineated
 CT-scan of the second case showing a bladder wall thickening, with contrast enhancement.
 Computed tomography of the sinus revealed bilateral sinusitis involving the ethmoid and the sphenoid sinuses (arrow).
 The ‘onion skin’ appearance, in this case from a Ewing’s sarcoma of the proximal humerus.
 Coronal MRI of the pelvis, T1-weighted image with contrast. The diffuse intraosseous lesions present at the right femur and right ilium show minimal contrast enhancement compared with the aspect of these lesions in Image 5.
 Plain X-ray image of the urinary tract after eight extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy sessions shows partial disintegration of the stone in the right renal pelvis.
 Preoperative OPG showing bone loss mainly in upper and lower anterior teeth
 Aortic root angiogram showing right coronary artery arising above the defect (1); CDO attached to cable with aortic end in right coronary cusp (2).
 Grade 2 (M2)—medial penetration of the screw >2 mm.
 Lateral view of the last ultrasound control before surgery.
 A postoperative magnetic resonance imaging scan showing gross total resection.
 Endoscopic-retrograde-cholangio-pancreaticography at 2 months post liver transplantation reveals mainly diffuse filiform intra-hepatic biliary ducts with multiple narrowings (“dead tree” image) typical of NAS and the aspect of a local ischemia at the site of the biliary anastomosis.
 Barium meal follow through in a 32-year-old male with abdominal lump
 Transverse view of descending aorta. An intramural hematoma and intraluminal clot are visualized at 40cm from the dental arch.
 Control chest X-ray. Loss of volumen of the right lung and improvement of the right alveolar basal infiltrate.
 Portable chest x-ray. Bilateral hilar adenopathy.
 Left hip ultrasonography image (Graf type 1/mature hip). Ultrasonography of the hip was performed according to the Graf method. The ultrasonography device had a 7.5MHz linear transducer (Toshiba Sonolayer SSA-270A, Japan).
 Repeat CT showed that the intestinal wall edema and venous thrombosis had completely resolved. Homogenous contrast was observed within the superior mesenteric vein (arrow), and the intestinal wall was even and well-demarcated (arrowheads)
 Lateral view, 30 months after surgery.
 Computed axial tomography (CAT) demonstrating thickening of the gallbladder with surrounding edema and inflammation.
 Radiograph of a femoral head showing thetemplates used to assess the accuracy of pinning. See text for details
 Abdominal computed tomographyA typical computed tomography manifestation of enlarged pancreas with blurred outline, disappearance of peripancreatic space and thickened left renal fascia was highly suggestive of acute pancreatitis.
 Lateral image obtained from the contrast enema demonstrated a mildly narrowed distal rectum (R) compared to a slightly larger caliber sigmoid colon (S). These results demonstrated a diminished rectosigmoid index although there was no apparent transition zone.
 Chest CT showed peripheral ground glass opacity (arrow), dilated heart, and large amount of pleural effusion. CT = computed tomography.
 Abdominal X-ray showing inflammation at the left lumbar area.
 Subsequent to transrectal insertion of a guide-wire into the right seminal vesicle, it was directed towards the infundibulum of the seminal vesicle/into the direction of the ejaculatory ducts, but could not be further advanced. Fluoroscopy.
 Endometriotic lesion ueT2 (TRUS). TRUS: transrectal ultrasound.
 Preoperative radiologic finding. One calcification lesion with less then 1 mm size was shown on plain anteroposterior radiograph.
 CT showed a 0.5×0.5cm soft lesion in the right EAC with no signs of bone destruction.
 AP X-ray graphy of the ankle representing medial dislocation.
 3-D CT imaging of patient 2. e: Left uterine artery. No descending branch was seen. f: New vessels probably arisen from ascending branch of left uterine artery and some arteries from vagina or pelvic wall . g: New vessels probably arisen from some arteries from vagina or pelvic wall. h: Right ovarian artery supplying blood to the remaining uterus. No right uterine artery could be detected. Main blood supply of the right side of the uterus was through “g” and “h”. Identification of each vessel was also made by a radiologist (M.T).
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of brain depicting left frontal lobe subarachnoid hemorrhage (arrow).
 No significant abnormalities were seen on anteroposterior knee radiographs in patient 1. The interference screw is apparent, without significant bone resorption.
 Intraoperative ultrasound clearly demonstrates the portal vein tumor thrombus.
 Thin right hepatic vein and an increased antero-posterior diameter of the liver.
 Abdomen Sans Préparation (ASP) montrant des niveaux hydro-aériques type grêlique
 CTA chest: tree-in bud changes in right lower lobe without clear signs of emphysema.
 Intravenous Urogram. Contrast is seen to fill the renal pelvicalyceal systems, the ureters and the bladder. This image illustrates the normal course of the ureters through the abdominal cavity.
 After removal of the fixators, restored length with deformity correction
 Computed tomography showing a more enlarged mass at the superior aspect of the urinary bladder and noted communication with the sigmoid colon (arrow).
 Preoperative thoracic CT scan upper right lobe suppuration
 Ultrasonography showing free intraperitoneal fluid and a normal-looking intrauterine gestation with a positive fetal heart rate, consistent with a fetal age of approximately 10 weeks of amenorrhea
 Sagittal T2-weighted MRI of the neck shows bright signal representing a prevertebral fluid collection.
 MRI brain showed T2/FLAIR signal hyperintensity over the bilateral posterior head regions, consistent with PRES
 Cortical solid mass, which later was shown to be renal cell carcinoma. Measurement of the solid mass on the US image is illustrated by ‘+’ and a dashed line.
 The second arteriogram of the right lower extremity after thrombectomy. Revascularized distal superficial femoral artery and a good distal arterial flow were observed.
 Computed tomographic scan of left adrenal mass.
 DSA image of a VX2 tumor.Selective left hepatic artery angiogram shows a hypervascular tumor (arrow) receiving its blood supply from the left hepatic artery (arrowhead).
 CT scan of the chest with contrast reveals a large lobulated anterior mediastinal solid mass (black arrow) with extension into the right hemithorax and the right atrium. There is displacement of the great vessels into the left hemithorax with significant mass effect on the right upper lobe. The tumor causes compression of the right pulmonary artery (red arrow) and right and left mainstem bronchi (white arrows).
 Echocardiogram showing multiple metastatic lesions in the right ventricular free wall (upper yellow arrow), aortic valve (lower yellow arrow) and right ventricular septum (green arrow)
 Chest X-ray before mechanical ventilation reveals the elevation of right hemidiaphragm
 Eleven days after the initial trauma, endovascular embolization was performed.
 Association of “average aggression” score with the contrast high versus low provocation. Axial view; z = -10 bilateral association in the OFC, p < 0.001 and cluster-level p(FWE-corrected) < 0.05
 Ultrasound image of the liver on the day of admission to the Clinic (9th day of life).
 MR myelography in case 8 (MRM) showing multiple sacral meningeal cysts. However, the primary cyst cannot be identified from MRM
 MRI scan showing ill-defined hyperintense lesions at the peri-ventricular and subcortical white matter (arrows) that were identified shortly after the skin eruption and the Streptococcus pneumoniae growth.
 Ossification of the Anterior Longitudinal Ligament (OALL) on 2D-Sagittal CTOALL is more frequent that OPLL or OYL, and in this case, the sagittal CT scan demonstrated marked multilevel OALL particularly involving the anterior longitudinal ligament ventral to the C4, C5, and C6 vertebral bodies. Often this has to become extremely severe before patients developed dysphagia. However, it may intubation, even performed fiberoptically, more challenging
 The "Brady-Grassmann-Harrington prize" was awarded to Carlos Brites.
 Femoral neck fracture with retention of the femoral head into the pelvis.
 Multiple coronary-cameral fistulas to the left ventricle arising from the right coronary artery with opacification of the left ventricle.
 Normal right coronary artery.
 Lateral cephalogram tracing
 Procedure as CEVL components in a case of grade IV reflux in an infant girl. Voiding cystourethrogram (VCUG) showing Grade IV reflux in an 18 month old girl with recurrent febrile urine infection which breaks through prophylactic antiseptic administration. There is a family history or reflux. The family chose to repair reflux by endoscopic injection therapy. The CEVL method was used as is shown.
 Two custom-made external fixators were used to apply compressive force to the growth plate of the distal femur and proximal tibia across the knee joint in the right hind-leg.
 MRI coronal view showing the cutaneous schwannoma at the level of the L3 and L4 vertebral bodies to the left of midline.
 MCUG showing dilated posterior urethra
 The coronal fat-saturated T1-weighted MRI sequence shows dissection of the left VA (arrow heads).Abbreviations: MRI, magnetic resonance imaging; VA, vertebral artery.
 Scout image from the second admission. The contour of the abdomen suggests massive, tense abdominal distension.
 Right external carotid injection demonstrating a prominent branch of the superficial temporal artery that contributed to the dAVF
 Sagittal T1-weighted MRI brain image demonstrating severe atrophy affecting the cortex, brainstem, and cerebellum. There is resulting enlargement of the third and fourth ventricles.
 Pelvic x-ray with right sacral ala and pubic rami fracture
 X-ray image of femur after surgery.
 CBCT image shows sagittal view of an erosive lesion on condylar head.
 A 30 × 30-mm mass in the left atrium on contrast-enhanced computed tomography of the chest (black arrow)
 View of bone in coronal plane.
 Fluoroscopic intraoperative image showing failed closed reduction.
 MRI sagittal view (T1-weighted with IV contrast) showing an enhanced sellar and suprasellar mass 2.2 × 2.2 × 2.4 cm (approximately 2.5 years before developing pituitary apoplexy in November 2005).
 Dallas grade 1 annulus disruption
 Lateral radiograph prior to triplane fixation of an L2 fracture.
 A thin portal vein is seen in the hepatic hilum.
 Case 12: Ossifying Fibroma
 Radiographs revealed a segment of atrophic nonunion below the plate associated with a bone gap.
 The abdominopelvic computed tomography (horizontal view) reveals perfusion defects, which sharply demarcated a low attenuated lesion in the lateral portion of the right kidney (arrow). No clearly visible thromboembolism in main vessels (bold arrow).
 Near-complete resolution of linear air column (arrow) in the retropharyngeal space was confirmed with radiography of lateral neck on the second hospital day.
 Computed tomography (CT) findings. Abdominal CT images showed an approximately 5-cm appendiceal mass.
 Preoperative angiograms showing diffuse disease of the right coronary artery.
 Gadolinium enhanced, fat saturated, gradient echo axial MRI disclose complete absence of enhancement of the mass at the pancreatic neck consistent with its cystic nature.
 MRI scan (sagittal view) post contrast image demonstrating CP angle tumor
 A final angiogram after PCI to definite stent thrombosis. A final angiogram following PCI to the site of definite stent thrombosis demonstrated favorable blood flow in both the left anterior descending artery and a diagonal branch.
 Computed tomography (CT) image demonstrating the appearance of gastric GIST after seven months of treatment with imatinib 400 mg per day; the tumor is unchanged in size compared to initial presentation (initial CT not shown).
 Brain magnetic resonance imaging. The arrows show the hyperintense signal of the caudate nuclei and putamina, as typically happens in patients with GA-I.
 The fracture with oblique extension is seen to narrow the spinal canal in sagittal T1-weighted magnetic resonance images
 A 64-year-old woman with a ruptured wide-necked bifurcation aneurysm of the right middle cerebral artery who presented with sudden onset severe headache. Digital subtraction angiography during right internal carotid artery contrast injection, performed during the 6th month follow-up visit showing occlusion of aneurysm, persistence of prolapsed coil loop (arrow), and normal flow in the middle cerebral artery and its branches.
 Panoramic radiograph of the lower limbs during orthostasis
 Chest HRCT scan at the level of the lower lung field of a 53-year-old male patient, showing areas of consolidation with air bronchograms and peripheral distribution in the anterior lung regions.
 AComP hypoplasia in the right.
 Post obturation radiograph of 26
 Computed tomography angiography demonstrated that the mass was supplied by the mesenteric artery (arrow), in which certain small vessels were observed.
 Axial slices showing the location of the CST (Green) and alternate motor fibers (aMF) (Red) overlaid onto a T1 template. The z-coordinates are in Tailarach space.
 Alteration of the trabecular structure of the left mandibular angle (circle)
 Tooth 45 with enlargement of the periodontal space, apical and lateral radiolucency
 Re-revision surgery status after constrained liner.
 Anterior sternoclavicular dislocation. Axial CT image shows clavicular fracture and anterior sternoclavicular dislocation (dotted arrows)
 Postoperative enhanced CT showing (frontal view) successful reconstruction of an inferior pulmonary vein (arrow).
 Chest X-ray showing bilateral pneumothorax
 Anteroposterior chest x-ray showing punctate intracardiac markings.
 CT abdomen and pelvis demonstrating abdominal mass.
 Preoperative MRI image of an osteochondral fracture of the lateral condyle in an 11-year-old girl.
 Follow-up neck computed tomography. Findings of osteomyelitis (arrow) were observed on the rear area of lingula of the left mandible.
 CT Scan of right kidney
 Oesophageal rupture with air leakage into the mediastinum (white arrow) and left sided pleural effusion.
 CT showing a right paracardiac intrapulmonary mass lesion and pleural effusion.
 Mandibular second molars with two roots.
 A magnetic resonance image showing an area with a hypersignal suggestive of a sacral stress fracture
 Original pre-treatment; 1 mm coronal MRCP-slice at the level of the minor papilla. The stone (arrow) in the ampulla on the accessory pancreatic duct is clearly visible.
 Simple lateral radiograph taken immediately after surgery shows no retrolisthesis at the L3-4 level.
 Chest X-ray (lateral view) showing the Amplatzer septal occluder (white arrow).
 MRI registration with elastic fusion
 Computed tomography scan of head showing brain lesion consistent with disseminated intracranial aspergillosis (black arrows).
 Ultrasound imaging of the supraclavicular brachial plexus block. Structures visualized here include: SA, subclavian artery; BP, brachial plexus. The pleura appears as a hyperechoic white line. The pleura appears to disappear medially as it is blocked by a large drop out shadow generated by the first rib.
 Plain abdominal radiography. Air fluid level is observed.
  Contrast esophagram demonstrating no further esophageal leak after placement of the Ovesco clip.
 Cine angiographic still image of a left femoral venogram follow-through, showing filling of both the inferior vena cava and the hemiazygos vein. See also Video 2
 Early stage of progressive vertebral fusion in which C4-C6, showed progressive anterior disc narrowing and end plate irregularities (arrows; a-b), whereas (arrow c) showed the development of a thick anterior and posterior bony ridge.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan of brain showing bilateral symmetrical paramedian hypodensities involving cortical and subcortical white matter seen in posterior parietal regions suggestive of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome.
 Rotator atlantoaxial subluxation
 Lung metastasis.
 Reconstructed computed tomography coronal scan of the abdomen. This image shows small bowel obstruction as a result of a stricture in the terminal ileum. A postoperative review suggested a Meckel's diverticulum could be described.
 16-year-old male with primary leptomeningeal melanoma. A T2-weighted image of the lumbar spine shows a hypo- to isointense epidural mass.
 Figure 2: CT head showed air-fluid levels in both ventricles.
 Sagittaly reformated CT scan shows dilated proximal transvers colon segment filled with oral contrast material. The entering segment of the colon is narrowed. Thoracic segment of the colon contains air. These changes displace diaphragm, spleen and surrounding fat tissues anteriorly and inferiorly.
 Fluoroscopic opacification of the biliary tree demonstrating a dilated system with a drain in good position.
 Use of multiple bare metal stents to relieve long segment stenosis and provide a landing zone for the Melody valve
 Large right pleural effusion observed using chest radiograph.
 Perinephric and retroperitoneal hematoma.
 Two-lobe spleen, erroneously interpreted as a tumor of the left adrenal gland
 A 51-year-old man with alcoholic liver cirrhosis who underwent one standard TIPS and two parallel transcaval TIPS.After transcaval portal vein puncture, contrast material injection through a side-arm adapter of a sheath, with simultaneous retraction of the sheath over the wire, demonstrates slight spillage of contrast material (arrow).
 Left anterior oblique projection showing left coronary circulation with severe disease.
 The gastrosplenic ligament is seen between the wall of the stomach and the lower pole of the spleen. The fluid above the gastrosplenic ligament in the left subphrenic space is part of the gastrosplenic recess, which is a part of the greater sac
 Ultrasound image demonstrates the normal appearance of left tibialis posterior tendon.
 Axial T2-weighted image demonstrating heterogeneous mass in the right parasagittal parietal lobe with extensive surrounding vasogenic edema.
 Traumatic laceration of the jejunum and mesentery. Unenhanced CT scan shows thickening in the wall of the jejunum (stars), mesenteric fat infiltration (triangle), and mesentery thickening (arrows). CT = computed tomography.
 Experimental set-up. from short-term (early phase) experiments (A + B) from 0 - 72 h and from mid-term (later phase) experiments (C) 7 d after femoral artery occlusion.
 CT scan showing multiloculated abscess in anterior mediastinum
 Follow-up radiographs 5 years after fracture of a cubitus varus elbow. The TCI is greater than 1.
 A 53-year-old men with a carcinoma of the oropharynx invading the masticator space. Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan shows a left oropharyngeal mass (black dot) that extends through the parapharyngeal space into the left masticator space with extensive destruction of the mandibular ramus (white arrow)
 Axial, contrast-enhanced CT showing the longer length of the celiac trunk observed in the present study.
 Orthopantomograph revealing well-defined unilocular radiolucency apical to the extraction socket of maxillary left lateral incisor generalized bone loss and retained root stumps.
 Follow up radiograph of a 20-year-old patient after bilateral hip arthroscopy. The radiograph was taken 9 months status post left and 3 months status post right hip arthroscopy. HO on the left side was evident on radiographs 10 weeks after the index procedure. NSAID prophylaxis using etodolac 600 mg once daily for 2 weeks was administered only after the operation on the right hip.
 Conventional 2D US showing intra-abdominal portion of esophagus in male patient 38 years old. US = ultrasound.
 Case two: Contrast-enhanced computed tomography showing a homogeneously-enhanced mass in the pelvis.
 This axial image from a post-operative MRI scan illustrates the traditional method for estimating hip abduction in spica. This involves drawing a transverse line across the posterior aspects of the ischial tuberosities followed by the placement of a sagittal line perpendicular to the first. The traditional angle is measured between the femoral shaft axis and the sagittal line.
 An image of a traumatic PAN-SCAN taken of case 1 on arrival. A 53-year-old female experienced a skull fracture, pneumochephalus, acute epidural hematoma, multiple rib fractures and a lumbar fracture after falling from a 3 m height. The PAN-SCAN revealed pneumorrhachis only at the lumbar level (black arrow)
  Region of interest (ROI) analysis on computed tomography scan 6 months after surgery.
 Two gestational sacs in coronal and sagittal view of 3D ultrasound.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT of the abdomen performed 30 min after the initial CT of the chest showing persistence of the abnormal contour of the supradiaphragmatic IVC with contrast extravasation confined laterally and ventrally (arrow), nonexpanding pericaval hematoma.
 Radiograph showing well-defined radiolucency and resorption of teeth
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen shows a left-sided rectus sheath hematoma (arrow)
 Simple skull view show no pituitary fossa enlargement.
 X-ray showing the distorted airway anatomy
 A 10 × 9 cm cystic mass surrounding left iliac artery appearance on coronal computed tomography (red arrow).
 Magnetic resonance angiography showing completely occluded proximal left subclavian artery.
 20-year-old patient's panoramic radiograph in which the images of the right MF and the end of the left mandibular canal are pointed by the arrows.
 Periapical x-ray showed the filled root canals with the retrograde filling material.
 Tangential view of the patella was taken 2 months after surgery.
 Axial T2 weighted MR image shows the spinal cord compressed by the hyperintense lesion posterior to it in T12 level.
 The images in mediastinal window of the same pig as Figs. 1–5.Figs. 6–10 show the images in Group A-E. The image quality scores for Figs. 7 and 8 were both 5 points. The image quality score for Fig. 9 was 4 points, which is comparable to Fig. 6. Fig. 10 had extensive noise, which was scored 2 points.
 The first lesion (a) was made transitional area between annulus fibrosus and nucleus pulposus which was just beneath the herniated disc portion. The second lesion (b) was made at the center of intervertebral disc. The third lesion (c) was made between (a) and (b). Three lesions which are made by fireball are communicated each other and the sufficient decompression of intradiscal volume can be achieved.
 Coronal section showing extension of mass from sublingual space
 Mammographic image of two rounded opacities with indistinct borders.
 A coronal T1-weighted image of the pelvis demonstrates a displaced bony fragment (arrow) just distal to the left ischial tuberosity and a chronic-appearing defect of the ischium (arrowheads).
 Diabetic mastopathy: ultrasound of a palpable abnormality shows an ill-defined mass-like area with decreased echogenicity and concerning features.
 Chest CT showing bullous disease.
 Computed tomography scan of the chest with bilateral mediastinal lymphadenopathy and bilateral interstitial lung opacities.
 Coupe scannographique axiale montrant une masse musculaire hétérogène et nécrosée
 Postoperative panoramic radiograph
 Computed axial tomography scan view showing secondary haematogenous implant in the pericardial fat.
 Coronal MRI STIR sequence of the anterior thigh.
 Schematic representation of the area taken for assay.
 Further CT scan of the abdomen showing gall stone in the small bowel lumen with no signs of bowel obstruction. The bowel wall showing proximal edema to the gall stone.
 Orthopantomogram (dental panoramic radiograph) showing an irregular radiolucent lesion interspersed with radioopacity with concomitant marked alveolar bone destruction, resorption of the mesial root of first molar tooth and thinning of the lower border of the mandible of the patient in the case report
 T1 image coronal view postcontrast film.
 Occlusion and calcification of common iliac arteries were observed (axial view).
 Magnified (TEM) view of α-grains in EBM Ti-6Al-4V sample showing dislocations. α-phase grains are inclined to the specimen surface. Average grain size is ~800 nm (0.8 µm).
  Coronal MRI (T2 phase) showing large retroperitoneal cyst with no septations. The retroperitoneal cyst is separate to the pancreas (Pancreas – yellow arrow).
 Abdominal computed tomography scans showing active bleeding in the splenic cystic lesion associated with signs of a recent massive hemorrhage and hemoperitoneum.
 Postoperatory aspect
 Axial C.T: homogeneous soft tissue mass filling the anterior nasal cavity with bilateral obliteration of the maxillary sinuses, nasal cavity and the posterior nasal space. Note the destruction of the anterior portion of the face, including the nose.
 Case 1: 41-year-old woman. CE-US images. After administration of contrast medium, numerous small, well-limited nodules are visible in the spleen.
 MRI preoperative measurement
 Representative postoperative oblique coronal MRI demonstrating a persistent rotator cuff tear (patient 6).
 Two populations of microtubules have different functions during cytokinesis.
 CT scan demonstrating retained video capsule in terminal ileum.
 Post Pronto V3 device use, showing resumption of blood flow in superficial femoral artery.
 Radiograph showing a transverse fracture of the middle-third of the right humerus with anterior dislocation of the glenohumeral joint.
 Dynamic contrast-enhanced MR angiogram reveals venous phase enhancement of a tubular structure in the left supraclavicular fossa (arrow). MR, magnetic resonance.
 Splenic hydatid cyst. Axial unenhanced CT scan demonstrates replacement of the entire spleen by a cyst which shows linear tortuous structures within suggestive of ruptured endocyst. Speck of calcification is also seen in the anterior wall
 Lung nodules
 Gray scale ultrasonography demonstrates a 0.8 × 0.6 cm2 sized nodule with a well-rounded, hypoechoic character in the subcutaneous fat tissue.
 Axial NCCT image showing submucosal bowel wall hemorrhage appearing as linear hyperdense rim (solid arrows). Small bowel dilatation (asterisk) and pneumatosis intestinalis (interrupted arrow) can also be seen.
 Transesophageal echocardiogram: three‐dimensional view of the right atrial mass.
 Angiography shows some tumor-supplying arteries from the left hepatic artery. There is no evidence of gross invasion in the main arteries.
 Image échographique endo-vaginale d’un ovaire œdématié sur une annexe tordue
 Cerebral angiography, oblique view, with right internal carotid injection showing a cavernous aneurysm
 Orthopantomography showing thinning of the body of mandible, smaller condyle and the coronoid process, shorter roots of teeth on the left side when compared to the right side.
 Shows an iliac apophysis which was attached at about 75 per cent of the customary excursion. (See arrow over the left pelvis.) The curve did not increase after this attachment. This is called a short excursion of ossification of the iliac apophysis.
 Coronal T2-weighted MRI revealing a heterogeneous, intramuscular lesion.
  TDM thoracique montrant une tumeur desmoide de la paroi thoracique récidivante avec envahissement mediastinal.
 STN infarction adsacent to the DBS lead.Subthalamic nucleus infarction (red arrow) is seen adjacent to the previously placed deep brain stimulator.
 Clinically normal motility. Contrast is in the distal small intestine. 8:00 pm – 4 hour motility, 9 hours after a right hemicolectomy.
 Computed tomography of abdomen - sagittal plane
 MR sialography shows bilateral Stemson's duct (arrows)
 Three months later, the right ventricular thrombus and pulmonary hypertension had disappeared on transthoracic echocardiography
 Orthopantomogram showing generalized horizontal bone loss
 Echogenic bowel.
 Anterior–posterior flexion weight-baring radiograph of the right knee after single-bundle ACL reconstruction. The tunnel angle is measured as the angle between the long axis of the femur and the outline of the tunnel
 MRI of the brain showing high T2 and FLAIR signal in the occipital and posterior parietal subcortical white matter consistent with PRES following treatment with rituximab.
 Computed tomographic (CT) scan of thorax demonstrates a homogeneous mass expanding the right seventh rib and invading into the adjacent lung, and also a right sided pleural effusion.
 Measuring the total uptake of the skull using PMOD 2.95: A (inside) = blue line, B (outside) = green line; total skull uptake per slice was calculated by subtracting the data of A from B (B−A). Results of all planes together (up from the skull base to the vertex) were added resulting in the total uptake of the bone
 Patent saphenous venous graft to posterior descending artery.
 Panoramic radiograph
 Preoperative abdominal CT. Massive liver hydatid cyst replacing segments IV to VIII.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showing numerous hemorrhagic mass lesions in the left temporal, left frontoparietal, and right parietal lobes
 Non-contrast CT of the cervical spine. This coronal view reveals a displaced fracture of the proximal right first rib (white arrow).
 Baseline PET Scan following one course of chemotherapy showing metabolic activity in the mass. Note after clarification from nuclear medicine radiologist: myocardial uptake is present as patient did not comply with 6-hour glucose fasting prior to scan.
 Computed tomography from 2009 showing splenic calcification consistent with prior infarct.
 Contrasted computed tomographic (CT) scan of the chest displaying a convex-shaped filling defect in the right pulmonary artery stump.
 Lateral view of the right thigh showing the origin of the obliquus portion of the vastus lateralis muscle (vastus lateralis obliquus – VLO) in the lateral intermuscular septum (LIS) and its insertion in the superior -lateral border of the patella (P). VLL – vastus lateralis longus. Bevilaqua-Grossi et al. (2004) 46.
 Normal non-injected computed tomography brain scan.
 MRI, T2-weighted (axial section) showing heterogeneous signal within the marrow and grossly thickened periosteum encircling the clavicle. The cortical outline is ill-defined at places
 Complete resolution of the periapical rarefaction.
 Abdominal C. T. showed a tumour 3 cm in diameter in the lower lobe of the left lung.
 A 57-year-old male with symptoms of CTS. Transverse USG shows scar tissue at the site of surgery (arrow) and incomplete division of the flexor retinaculum (arrowheads)
 Pre-cryoablation 3T magnetic resonance imaging: anterior prostate tumor.
 Deceased donor's CT scan. Image shows isthmus of horseshoe kidney consisting of renal parenchyma.
 View of a trap that has collected mosquitoes (little black dots inside the trap).
 Computed tomography angiography scan of the origin and distribution of the celiac trunk from the dissecting abdominal aorta.
 Patient with pulmonary fibrosis had delayed final diagnosis of MPA: A 71-year-old male diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis by surgical lung biopsy. A chest CT showed reticular shadows in the basal aspect of each lung. He was treated with 1800 mg/d N-Acetylcysteine. Fourteen months later, his urinalysis revealed hematuria secondary to glomerulonephritis. And he had an intermittent fever for 2 months with an ANCA of 1:40. Percutaneous renal biopsy showed focal segmental necrotizing glomerulonephritis and glomerular crescents. He was diagnosed with MPA and treated with corticosteroids and cyclophosphamide.
 MR Brain, HD#13. No abnormal signal changes.
 Angiography showing unilateral aplasia of internal carotid artery.
 Contrast-enhanced CT scan, angiographic phase: abnormal extravasation of contrast medium in the soft tissue near bladder wall.
 Ultrasonography Doppler study showing a large thrombus in the femoral vein.
 Contrast Enhanced Axial CT of the Dual Lumens at Distal Celiac Artery.
 Broken screws. In this case, the screws were of a cannulated type
 Cranial MRI: T2 image in coronal view: Nodule with surrounding edema
 Magnetic resonance image (coronal slice) of the right shoulder showing extensive injury to the rotator cuff.
 Sagittal view of computed tomography scan of Plan 3 showing interrelationship of contoured volumes e.g. highrisk clinical target volume (HR-CTV) (brown), intermediate risk clinical target volume (IR-CTV) (orange), rectum (deep pink), sigmoid colon (light pink), bladder (light blue), urethra (violet), and Viscomet® (deep blue)
 Endoscopic ultrasound showing changes of chronic pancreatitis
 CT scan showing an osteoma and mucosal thickening in the right maxillary antrum and polypoidal mass in the left maxillary antrum.
 Coronal oblique CECT image of a patient with acute necrotizing pancreatitis demonstrates thrombosed splenic vein (thick white arrows) and a segmental branch of right portal vein (thin white arrow) with hepatic artery buffer response in the form of differential hyperenhancement of the affected liver segment (black arrows).
 Another view of the catheter fragment retrieval procedure.
 Endoscopic ultrasonography revealed a submucosal polypoid mass located at the anterior surface of duodenal bulb.
 Postoperative AP radiograph of the pelvis after bilateral dega osteotomy and bilateral proximal femur varus derotational osteotomy.
 Axial section of computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis revealed inflamed uroepithelium of right renal pelvis and right ureter.
 Radial plate removed and Fixator applied at 3 weeks post primary surgery. Note the short fixator length well within the DCP plate length. Also long fixator pins traversing the interosseous space
 Intra oral periapical radiogragh
 Erupted position of the odontoma seen after 18 months
 Chest X-ray showing bilateral perihilar and basilar reticulonodular infiltrate.
 Computed tomography picture reveals necrotic lymphnode
 Postoperative epiphyseal and acetabular coverage angles in the same bilateral type-II AVN patient. There is significant correction on the left side.
 Sagittal view of a glenoid with an acute osseous bankart lesion. The outer fitting circle of the glenoid is added. Additionally, multiple rectangles are illustrated, representing the subareas areas of the glenoid size and bony Bankart fracture size. Each rectangle is defined by the width of both, the glenoid and the bankart fragment, multiplied by the slice thickness. The sum of theses rectangles defines the fracture size and the glenoid size.
 MRI scan of the sellar region showing a microadenoma on the left side of the pituitary gland, next to the carotid artery.
 Transvaginal ultrasound showing measurement of tumor/anteroposterior uterine diameter ratio as proposed by Karlsson. In this case the ratio is ≥50% indicating myometrial infiltration of ≥50%.
 Abdominal X-ray at follow-up.
 Sagittal T2-weighted MR imaging shows a heterogeneous high signal lesion at T9 body.
 Skiagram of an adult patient (Case 17) with long standing deltoid contracture showing hanging deformity of acromion with anterior subluxation
 Anterior right synchondrosis fracture with 4 mm displacement. Normal left synchondrosis
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the chest shows decrease in tracheomegaly after using the adjustable tracheotomy tube (arrows).
 An intrauterine gestational sac with a double ring sign. A yolk sac is seen within the gestational sac. The star marks the inner ring and the two triangles mark the outer ring. YS-yolk sac
 Ultrasound to localize the tumour bed (seroma)
 CT scan showing bilateral first-stage revision THR prostheses with right-sided pelvic discontinuity and a severe left-sided posterosuperior acetabular deficiency.
 CT scan showing hypodense area at the head of the left caudate nucleus (arrow)
 Sagittal CT (bony window) shows multiple lucent lesions within the lumbar and sacral vertebrae with collapse of the superior endplate of L4 and almost complete collapse of L5.
 Thickening of the lateral cortex (arrow) at the site of the pain in the left thigh.
 Axial contrast-enhanced computed tomography image of the thorax (mediastinal window) shows a heterogenous consolidation (arrow) involving both the right upper lobe and the right middle lobe.
 T2 Weighted Axial Section Showing Bilocular Nature of Cyst.
 Thyroid ultrasonography shows a 1.7-cm, well-defined, hypoechoic, solid mass in the lower pole of the right thyroid.
 A. CT Scan, axial image. Bilateral stenoses of internal auditory canal (black arrows). B. T2-weighted MRI axial image showing bilateral stenosis of the internal auditory canal (black arrows).
 Normal patellar tendon appears as a tightly packed, fibrillar tissue bundle represented by bright, hyperechoic parallel lines (red arrow) which attaches to the tibial tuberosity.1,2
 Transversal section of the abdominal CT scan revealed an inhomogeneous round tumor of 73 × 61 mm with sharp margins and with hypodense fatty components and enhancing soft tissue.
  Postoperative T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging.
 Oblique parasagittal section of T2-weighted MRI displaying passage of the right sciatic nerve above the piriformis muscle. (1) Sciatic nerve. (2) Piriformis. (3) Sacroiliac joint. (4) Ischium. (5) Ischial tuberosity.
 Standard radiography of the pelvis showing an aspect of a high pure right posterior iliac variety dislocation without fracture lesions
 Lumbar MRI shows retroaortic left renal vein on axial T2-weighted image (arrows)
 Chest X-ray demonstrating dextrocardia.
 Lipoma in a 40-year-old woman with a palpable lump in the right breast; Ultrasound examination: ultrasonography showed a predominantly hypoechoic lesion with posterior shadowing
 Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy revealed a submucosal tumor with a normal mucosa.
 Solid mass in the head of the pancreas as seen on EUS.
 Recurrent cervical cancer. Sagittal T2-weighted image showing a recurrent mass at the vaginal vault (arrow). This patient had localised central recurrence only and would therefore be suitable for pelvic exenteration
 Axial CT enteroclysis examination demonstrates a segment of kinked bowel (arrowhead) and several adhesive bands across other segments (arrows). This patient had undergone several negative CT examinations previously
 1-year post-operative anterior- posterior radiograph showing union at the fracture site.
 A rim-enhancing, mixed-density collection is seen in the superior mediastinum on the axial computed tomography image
 Coupe axiale d'une tomodensitometrie abdomino-pelvienne après opacification vesicale montrant le passage du produit de contrast en intraperitonéal
 Computed tomography scan of the chest showing multiple round hypodense lesions with higher central density in the thoracic vertebrae, ribs and sternum.
 Four chamber echocardiography showed left ventricular mass
 Simple Anteroposterior Chest X-Ray Demonstrating Bilateral Opacities, Mostly in the Lower Lobes
 Post-surgery pelvis PA X-Ray.
 One-year postoperative, lateral view.
 Angle between two points determined in the internal face of the mandibular right and left ramus with the third point 5 mm below the PNS parallel to the sagittal plane (red line).
 Isolated gastric pneumatosis after abdominal trauma (arrows). Spontaneous recovery. Grade 1 lesion.
 Abdominal Computed tomography demonstrating a large tumour with partial blood flow(arrow) in abdominal cavity.
 CT scan with splenomegaly (blue arrow).
 58-year-old man with a 12-month history of recurrent headaches diagnosed with PCLp associated with bilaterally symmetrical lateral ventricular CPLps without corpus callosal anomalies. Axial unenhanced T1 weighted MRI scan shows PCLp (white arrow) and bilaterally symmetrical lateral ventricular CPLps (black arrows). Also note discrete areas of fatty tissue in the medial sulcus of the right frontal lobe (dashed arrow).
 Coronal CT showing small bowel mucosal-enhancing lesion (arrow).
 A periapical restriction radiolucent area on mesial, disto-vestibular and furcation level was observed on 2.6
 Preoperative antegrade nephrostogram showing complete occlusion of ureter.
 Repeat image at follow-up showing evidence of resolution of the previous lesions.
 Fluoroscopy showing the position of the guidewire for the extraphyseal (EP) tibial tunnel.
 Lateral view of the bursa of an adult male Ancylostoma ceylanicum. Note the parallel mediolateral and posteriolateral rays. EDR, externodorsal ray; MLR, mediolateral ray; PLR, posteriolateral ray. ×400 magnification.
 MRI – transverse plan (L4) with IV contrast gadolinium-BOPTA, revealing a well-defined mass, a huge retroperitoneal hematoma.
 CT scan performed one-month post-RFA. This is a typical appearance of an oval area of coagulation necrosis scarring following RFA. Note that the area of scarring is larger than the original lesion, indicating a positive outcome.
 Preparation of the acetabulum with reamers is performed under fluoroscopic guidance.
 Endograft relining technique of previous stent-graft (14-mm- × 12-cm-sized both iliac limb).
 16-year-old girl with ovarian yolk sac tumor.A predominantly cystic mass with heterogeneous marked enhancement in the pelvic cavity (white arrow). Multiple enlarged vessels are seen in the mass (black arrow). Peritoneal metastases (white arrow) with marked enhancement and massive ascites (black arrow) are also seen.
 String sign of the left internal mammary artery graft (black arrow).
 Over the entire measurement period (7 hours) averaged depth integrated OCT and SLO images of cone photoreceptors demonstrating the excellent performance of the motion correction algorithm. (Image extension: ~0.94°x0.7°, retinal eccentricity: ~4° nasal from the fovea)
 Axial T2-weighted image showing the MRS VOI located on the right thalamus.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph of control site at 12 months
 Optic coherence tomographic image of the optic nerve head: On each side of the orange line, a line was drawn (gray line) with a length of 1500 μm to each side.The two ends of this line (yellow vertical arrows) marked the two ends of the retinal pigment epithelium / Bruch´s membrane plane (between points A and B).
 Fluoroscopic image of the lateral view after contrast dye was injected.
 Extracted gubernaculum
 Chest plain radiography showed homogeneous consolidation opacity occupying the entire right upper lobe, as well as ill-defined fluffy heterogeneous opacities in both lower pulmonary fields.
 The second CECT scan of the abdomen shows that the mass (M) has significantly reduced in size compared to the first scan. The horizontal black arrow points to the superior mesenteric vessels
 2011 follow-up radiograph of Case 2. Note complete root formation and evident dentin bridge formation beneath MTA (arrow).
 Follicle 24 hrs after first egg retrieval attempt.
 Computerized tomography scan showing fusiform dilatation of the common bile duct
 MRI- saggital view showing a pre-coccygeal tumor
 Angiogram of the left subclavian artery and his branches. Vascular lake due to extravasation of contrast product (black arrow).
 A T2-weighted magnetic resonance image showing focal fluid collection at the anatomic insertion region of the retracted serratus anterior muscle (black arrowhead) at the inferior angle of the scapula (white arrow).
 Exposed K-wires covered with a syringe gasket
 Plain ventrodorsal (VD) radiograph of caudal abdominal region; note that the radiolucent region is superimposed on femoral neck (arrows).
 Preoperative chest radiograph. A chest radiograph showed an increased reticular opacity at both lower lung zone in preoperative evaluation
 Chest Computed Tomography (CT). Chest CT scan coronal view showing 5-cm right hilar mass bulging into the main bronchus
 CT scan of the head in axial cuts showing diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage, intraventricular hemorrhage and hydrocephalus
 Diffusion-weighted MRI demonstrated low intensity at right temporal lobe
 Epicardial versus pericardial fat thickness. Pericardial fat (within yellow arrows and yellow dashed shape) can be identified as the hypoechoic space anterior to the epicardial fat (within red arrows and red dashed shape). Pericardial fat usually does not deform substantially with cardiac cycles and does not appear as hyperechoic space. Modified parasternal long-axis view.
 Preoperative anteroposterior radiograph of a 54-year-old female with a four-part fracture in her left proximal humerus
 40-year-old male with 1 month history of dry cough and diagnosed with invasive aspergillosis. Axial non-contrast CT scan of chest shows a spiculated nodule in the right middle lobe with surrounding ground glass opacities seen as halo (white arrow) resulting in the radiologic sign, CT halo sign.
 Panoramic radiograph showing normal development of permanent teeth and missing of maxillary right first and left second premolars.
 Panoramic radiograph showing erupted dilated odontoma and supernumerary incisor with impacted maxillary central incisor.
 Dissection of the sympathetic chain (black arrow).
 Myocardium showing a cardiac perfusion deficit detected by use of the saturation-recovery trueFISP sequence; parallel imaging factor of 2
 Computed tomography of chest without contrast on admission with bilateral ground glass opacities
 Abdominal x-ray shows free intraperitoneal gas and Rigler sign (gas in the inner and outer side of the bowel loop- arrow).The open arrow shows gas in the left scrotal sac.
 Chest radiograph at admission revealed a loculated pleural effusion in the left hemithorax.
 Fistulas to adjacent organs. Rectal contrast-enhanced CT of the abdomen, in the sagittal plane, showing a fistulous pathway between the inflamed colonic segment and the vagina (colovaginal fistula). The diagnostic hypothesis of fistula can be suggested when there is inflammatory tissue or obliteration and increased density of the fat between the colon and the adjacent organs, as well as intraluminal gas (in the bladder, vaginal canal, or other lumen).
 Method of mandibular incisive canal length measurement
 CT image showing thickened bladder wall with minimal lumen.
 Abdominal radiograph shows diffuse gaseous intestinal distention with discrete signs suspected of pneumatosis in the lower right quadrant, six point according to DAAS scale—the example of highest variation between examiners (1, 2, 6, and 8)
 42-year-old female with neck swelling and diagnosed with carcinoma of thyroid. HRCT lung shows a small nodule (white arrowhead) in the right middle lobe with a feeding vessel (white arrow) to it producing the radiologic sign, feeding vessel sign.
 Parasternal short axis view showing anomalous origin of left coronary artery from pulmonary artery, showing flow in the coronary artery
 Chest X-ray at ICU admission
 CT image showing mass on presacral space and hydroureteronephrosis.
 Preoperative OPG
 Dentate nucleus hyperintensities
 Radiographie postopératoire après implantation d'une prothèse totale du coude
 Mass lesion was located in the right lung.
 1er récidive après curetage+greffe corticospongieuse
 Transabdominal ultrasound scan showing a 20-week fetus with gastroschisis. The dilated loops of bowel are seen outside the abdomen (arrow)
 EUS picture of enlarged left adrenal gland. With kind permission from J. Annema. Ma = stomach, M = left adrenal gland, LNi = left kidney
 Case 4 - antero-posterior radiograph on the day of admission shows an anterior column fracture of the right acetabulum.
 Computed tomography of brain (axial view) showing a 3.2 × 3.7 cm homogeneous contrast enhancing mass in the inferior vermis with extension into the left cerebellar hemisphere and brainstem causing hydrocephalus (the second case).
 Type II hydatid cyst in a 36-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan of the upper abdomen demonstrates cystic lesion with peripheral daughter cysts and wall calcification in the left lobe of the liver. Note the daughter cysts have a lower attenuation value than the mother cyst (arrows).
 Axial T2-weighted images show a hypo-intense region in right hepatic duct (red arrow).
 This plain abdominal radiograph demonstrates transit of the AA cells with two AA cells in the small bowel, one in the ascending colon and one in the rectum. The patient reports having passed one of the cells per rectum
 Lateral radiographs wrist showed a densification of the lunate with a flattened and irregular appearance of the lunate, without signs of osteoarthritis
 Panoramic radiograph after a year of installation of the mandibular fixed implant-supported prosthesis. Red arrows show the cuts in framework.
 Post-operative 8 months radiography
 60-year-old lady who suffered from increasing right knee pain while walking diagnosed as due to meniscal cyst. Ultrasound of the posterior aspect of right knee shows cyst (between plus signs) of the posterior lateral meniscal horn (white arrow).
 : Lateral Xray taken on 13/4/2011 following removal of the metalwork showing progression of the patella infera.
 One week after rapid maxillary canine distraction
 Radiograph of control site at baseline in relation to 36 and 37
 Axial STIR 3T images of a 19-year-old patient with bone stress injuries in the metatarsal bones. Subtle bone marrow edema can be seen on the third and fifth metatarsal bones (arrows).
 Sagittal view demonstrating similar characteristics with volume enlargement of the right orbit.
 Ultrasound image of an 18-gauge Chiba® puncture needle within the proximal gastrocnemius muscles in the axial plane. Ultrasonography-guided puncture of the abscess was followed by insertion of an 8F-pigtail catheter to drain the collection. This procedure was performed in both legs.
 Computed tomography angiography showing arterial supply of tumor from external carotid artery
 Computed tomography of chest revealing bilateral air space consolidation, ground glass opacities, bilateral parenchymal lesions suggestive of bilateral pneumonitis
 Sagittal Slice showing impingement of floor into posterior globe.
 Axial computed tomography image showing the central placement of the radiation source (red dwell) and with respect to the inflated balloon (green arrow)
 CT scan showing narrowing of both the right and left bronchus on day 1 of admission to the hospital.
 CT-Axial view showing hyperdense mass with surrounding hypodense halo around the mass
 Sagittal CT shows tracheal tube in its usual site with tumour surrounding it.
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan shows scanty amount of subdural hematoma in the left occipital region and interhemispheric fissure
 Endometrioma that was missed by pattern recognition. Multilocular-solid mass with ground glass echogenicity in a 24-year-old patient. The ultrasound diagnosis suggested was borderline tumor.
 2-D Echo image showing large mass in left ventricular myocardium (arrow).
 Radiographie des épaules de face après réduction montrant les deux têtes humérales en place
 Pelvic ultrasonography revealed a large complex cystic mass with calcifications (arrow) located superiorly to the bladder (*)
 After 4 cycles of chemotherapy CT scan of the lung (transverse section) showing reduction in the size of the lung lesion; measuring 3.0∗2.1 cms in the left upper lobe.
 Positron emission tomography scan showing disseminated lymphomatous involvements in the tonsils, spleen, left anterior chest wall, and multiple lymph nodes on both sides of the diaphragm.
 CECT abdomen showing a lobulated mass protruding into the lumen.
 CXR showing right lower lobe mass lesion at the time of presentation.
 Recall radiograph revealed complete healing of periapical lesion
 Coronary angiography revealing thrombus-like filling defect in the mid portion of RCA.
 Chest X-ray posteroanterior view showing elevated hemidiaphragm on the right, with a retrocardiac opacity on the left side
 Day of life 8. Computed tomography abdomen, showing hypo-echogenic mass within liver on the right, tracking into the peritoneal cavity and hydronephrosis with obstructive uropathy on the left. Liver mass, hydronephrosis with ascites secondary to TPN extravasation via the UVC.
 Axial CT showing incisional hernia in the left lower quadrant containing transverse colon causing large bowel obstruction.
 Angiogram revealed dilated anomalous vascular channels fed by internal maxillary artery, facial artery, ascending pharyngeal artery, infraorbital artery, nasal, and anterior ethmoidal arteries
 Chest HRCT performed 1 day before WLL. Areas of ground glass attenuation with concomitant interlobular septa thickening are evident, alternated with areas of normal lung (crazy paving pattern).
 Gadolinium-enhanced sagittal MRI showing an expanding lesion inside the sella with suprasellar extension.
 After surgical closure of CAVF draining from RCA to PA
  Endoscopic ultrasonographic view showing the low-echoic, enlarged pancreatic tail with a marginal capsule-like rim (arrowhead).
 X-ray of a 22-year-old patient with secondary steroid-induced ONFH of both hips
 Antero-posterior (AP) angiographic view of aortic root injection with simultaneous balloon inflation across the RVOT showing coronary artery compression (black arrow) of an anomalous left anterior descending artery
 STEM image of the CFTS sample showing the two positions where the EDX analysis was done
 Brain MRI, T-1 sagittal view shows the high signal has completely resolved two years later.
 Sagittal view of arterial system (dynamic magnetic resonance image).
 Periapical radiograph showing a restorated maxillary left lateral incisor with double dens invaginatus.
 MRI right knee. Sagittal T1 image. Demonstrating rupture patellar tendon attachment from inferior pole of patella, high riding patella, chronic tendinosis of patellar tendon and clustering of sheared quadriceps tendon.
 Ultrasound longitudinal image shows classic TM of the right testis without focal lesions.
 Pineal Region Mass on CT ScanCT - computed tomography.
 Volume-rendered image where a right renal accesory artery (white arrow) arises from the abdominal aorta following a precaval trajectory to irrigate the inferior pole of the right kidney
 Ultrasonographic showing hematocolpos
 The plain radiograph of both hands shows joint space narrowing at the 2nd to 5th proximal interphalangeal joints and marginal erosion and joint space narrowing at the 1st to 5th metacarpophalangeal, and carpal joints, and periarticular osteopenia bilaterally.
 File in canal
 Typical microcystic serous pancreatic neoplasia using colour Doppler imaging. Note the centrally located artery.
 Antero – posterior radiograph demonstrating lateral patella dislocation.
 Abdominal/pelvic computed tomography confirming a coil fragment in the ascending colon.
 Patch density in chest X-ray was progressed, suggestive of acute respiratory distress syndrome.
 70-year-old man with intracystic papillary carcinoma. At presentation, CC mammogram revealed a well-circumscribed hyperdense mass under the nipple of the left breast.
 Abdominal radiograph. It shows a dilated colon with air-fluid level in the cecum, indicating the site of the intestinal obstruction.
 Radiological appearance after vascularised joint transfer
 CT.
 Magnetic resonance image, coronal view. Black arrow: right rudimentary horn containing pregnancy; white arrow: left unicornuate uterus; grey arrow: band of tissue connecting the rudimentary horn to the uterus.
 MRI of brain. Sagittal T1 weighted image shows partial agenesis of straight sinus in its proximal segment. Alternate venous drainage is seen from the falcine sinus into the superior sagittal sinus from the vein of Galen
 High resolution CT scan of chest showing apical bullae.
 41-year-old man who complained of painful mass in the posterior aspect of the right knee diagnosed as due to Baker's cyst. Ultrasound of the right posterior medial aspect of the knee shows a huge Baker's cyst (between blue arrows) with a connecting neck, lying between the medial gastrocnemius muscle (red arrow) and the semi-membranous tendon (white arrow).
 Cervical fibroid size at 36 weeks 12.9 × 9.47 cm.
 Non-enhanced computed tomography scan of brain showing an acute interhemispheric left-sided subdural hematoma with maximal thickness in the left frontal parafalcine region with a hypodense area inside it focally compressing the medial frontal lobe anteriorly
 Cystic lesion in the right lung with mediastinal shift
 Example of a nodule classified as TI-RADS 2.Axial scan shows a left simple cyst with sediment. The absence of a vascular signal in the echoic part must be asserted with Doppler ultrasonography. TI-RADS, thyroid imaging reporting and database system.
 Magnetic resonance imaging in the third patient, photograph taken at 27 months post-radiotherapy showing no local recurrence
 Dentascan image showing reduced bone width in mandible
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan showing symmetrical areas of increased signal in the occipital lobes (T2 and FLAIR sequences).FLAIR, fluid-attenuated inversion recovery
 OPG of same patient showing mandibular and midface fractures
 Micturating cystourethrogram showing diverticulum in the anterior urethra in the vicinity of the bulb causing extrinsic compression of the urethra suggestive of a syringocele of the Cowper's duct (Case 2)
 Redundant loop is snared out.
  Dysphagia following extrusion of bone graft. The patient underwent revision surgery and an anteroposterior fusion, with resolution of dysphagia symptoms several months after the second surgery.
 Ultrasonographic soft tissue thickness over N cephalometric point
 Cortical dysplasia in the left frontal lobe in a pregnant women (week 28 of gestation) with a history of epileptic seizures who had not undergone MRI before. The seizures were exacerbated during pregnancy. The direct reason for MRI was a grand-mal seizure.
 CT scan one month after starting steroid therapy: kidneys morphological normalization and reduction of the pancreatic lesion (33 mm × 23 mm).
 Left ventriculogram shows evidence of apical ballooning typical of Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (red arrow).
 Axial CT image demonstrating a swollen pancreatic graft (white asterisk), with marked peri-pancreatic fat stranding. Appearances are consistent with graft pancreatitis
 Characteristic pattern of ossification in FOP, showing progressive fusion of the cervical spine with decreasing range of movement
 The residual biliary duct was injected and the biliary ducts visualized.
 (1) Right obturator internus muscle. (2) Rectum. (3) Left levator ani muscle. (4) Hematoma. (5) Ischium.
 After chemotherapy, PET scan showed a localized uptake of 18F-fluoro-deoxy-glucose (FDG) and no uptake in the liver or peritoneum.
 Transesophageal echocardiography showing a large amount of pericardial effusion (arrow).
 A B-scan ultrasonography showing the same dome shaped mass with absence of choroidal excavation after infliximab therapy with no apparent change in size.
 Right kidney shows mild hydronephrosis. No evidence of any scarring noted
 Plain radiograph of the right thumb showing extensive destruction of the proximal phalanx with subluxation of interphalangeal joint and pathological fracture
 Computed tomographic scan abdomen pelvis contrast demonstrating compression of the left common iliac vein by the right common iliac artery.
 Postcontrast axial image showing a large posterior mediastinum mass at D5 level which is on left side and in close relation with aorta
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstrated diffuse wall thickening of the gallbladder by viewing high signal foci with signal void lesions.
 Magnetic resonance imaging sagittal section T1-weighted image of brain showing large sellar-suprasellar mass
 Panoramic radiograph showing the cyst-like radiolucency in the right mandibular third molar region. Seven years after removal of the right mandibular third molar.
 Patient B1. Coronal section T1. In this sequence it is possible to analyze the preservation of the bone texture and of the spinal cord signal. It is also easier to assess the regular contour and preservation of the acromioclavicular space (arrow).
 Severe adverse reaction to metal debris. Coronal T1W MR through the mid-coronal plane of the femoral head (black arrows indicate the medial wall of the acetabulum), demonstrating severe periprosthetic disease with bone marrow replacement in the acetabular roof (white arrow).
 Immediate postoperative radiograph with splint in place
 Axial CT image showing the bladder filled by prostate tissue with the catheter traversing the prostatic tissue.
 Sonographic assessment of the ankle in a patient with medial-sided pain. Ultrasound image demonstrates a thickened and hypoechoic distal posterior tibial tendon (PTT) surrounded by complex tendon sheath effusion (*), in keeping with tenosynovitis.
 Computed tomography of abdomen shows huge sigmoid colon cancer. Arrows indicate enlarged peri colic lymph node
 A computed tomography scan showing the C3/4 osteophyte pushing the pharyngeal wall.
 Magnetic resonance imaging revealing a right subdural empyema with meningeal enhancement.
 CT Scan abdomen with features of intestinal obstruction.
 After stenting, the flow through the vertebral artery can be seen.
 Vertebral body stabilization using the cement-augmented titanium mesh cages
 The PA chest X-ray: left-sided pleural effusion and a large mass in anterolateral part of left lung which had overshadowed the left border of the heart. Arrowhead indicates shift of the heart to the right side.
 This axial 2D-CT scan demonstrates continuity of the posterolateral bony fragments opposite the pedicles of L4
 CT scan revealing diffuse bilateral calcified fine nodular pattern with extensive septal thickening
 Variations of the posterior paranasal sinuses and related structures. Bilateral Onodi cell (white star), left dehiscent internal carotid artery (ICA) (white arrow). Optic nerve in relation to Onodi cell (black arrows).
 Abdominal CT scan: dilated small intestinal loops.
 Ultrasound examination showing the MCu intrauterine device (IUD) (red arrows) during pregnancy. IUD = intrauterine contraceptive device, US = ultrasonography.
 Computed tomography scan showing a large hydatid cyst occupying the right and left lobe of liver
 Ultrasound imaging of the flooded left lung in the in vivo porcine model. Detection of a simulated lung lesion, which appears echo-free with a well-defined margin, at a depth of 3.5 cm. The image shows a pulmonary artery in cross-section without a wall structure, and a bronchus below with a hyperechoic wall at a depth of 6 to 7 cm.
 Idiopathic orbital inflammation syndrome with encasement and narrowing of the cavernous carotid artery.Axial fat-saturated contrast-enhanced T1w imaging reveals a lesion that extends through the ipsilateral superior orbital fissure into the left cavernous sinus (arrows), with encasement and narrowing of the cavernous carotid artery (black opposing arrowheads). Compare this to the normal carotid artery on the contralateral side (white opposing arrowheads).
 Acoustic shadow of the clavicle with a neurovascular bundle laying behind (arrow)
 Panoramic view at the first visit. A well-defined radiolucent lesion with an irregular cortical surface of the condyle head (arrow) is observed on the left mandibular condyle.
 A 4-chamber view with color Doppler showing the tricuspid regurgitation (TR), enlarged right atrium (RA), enlarged right ventricle (RV), compressed left atrium (LA), and compressed left ventricle (LV) before adenotonsillectomy.
 Computed tomogram confirmed cortical rim avulsion fracture of the lateral malleolus
 Native abdominal RTG: air filled and moderately distended small bowel loops visible in the projection of the left hemiabdomen.
 Cross-sectional CT image of the abdomen. The white vertical arrow indicates small bowel loops with air/fluid levels. The white horizontal arrow shows the ileum segment trapped in the sacral fracture
 Digital radiography showing consolidation of fractures after seven months.
 Case 1: Axial image of a CT scan of the chest showing the dominant aberrant right vertebral artery (blue arrow). The left vertebral artery is also seen (red arrow).
 X-ray right wrist a.p. following STT-fusion with magnesium-based screws.
 Encircled mitral valve vegetation.
 FDG-PET view. FDG-PET/CT scans disclosed a nodular lesion measuring 35 × 13 mm in size in the right S7 segment with a maximum standardized uptake value (SUVmax) of 8.4.
 Standing anteroposterior X-ray film of the full-length spine.The midpoint of the 7th cervical vertebra was designated as point D, the midpoint of pubic symphysis point E, and the shoulder peaks as points F and G. In the cervical and thoracic vertebrae, the midpoints of the upper most scoliotic vertebra were designated as points H and I.
 Aortic valve vegetation in parasternal view.
 CT abdomen with contrast: multiple hypoattenuating lesions in the liver.
 Incidence parasternale petit axe montrant une CIV périmembraneuse de 3 mm
 On telecardiogram opacified left lung consistent with pleural effusion.
 Imaging-guided subacromial injection showing contrast in the subacromial space.
 CT abdomen – pelvis.
 Three-dimensional image of the tracheobronchial tree shows stenosis of the proximal left main bronchus (arrow) and vascular indentations on the trachea (T) and esophagus (O)
 Right breast ultrasound from a 35 year-old patient with bilateral palpable breast masses. The ultrasound documented a 19 × 14 mm hypoechoic mass. She was found to have metastatic disease to her breast from a lung neuroendocrine carcinoma.
 Ultrasound showing well-defined rounded homogeneous hypoechoic lesion in left inguinal area measuring 5.3 cm × 4.8 cm × 3.7 cm
 Bilateral diffuse interstitial micronodularity.
 CT image showing location of EVD and VP Shunt proximal end.
 AP radiograph. Cementless bipolar hemiarthroplasty. Lateral dislocation of head and acetabular cup
 Middle cerebral right artery stroke: Subacute infarction of the right MCA territory, a type of vascular intracranial hypertension
 Chest X-ray film showing a mass in the upper mediastinum.
 Radiographie thoraco-abdominale et des membres de face: déminéralisation de l'ensemble de la trame osseuse; fractures des os longs des membres avec cals vicieux; fracture du 1/3 supérieur du fémur gauche
 Extra-vasation from femoral venous catheter malposition.
 Panoramic view showing reduced bony defect and further occlusal movement of the tooth as well as continuation of root formation (Bonding of orthodontic button at the time of partial enucleation and curettage).
 Adrenal MRI.
 Computed tomography of thorax revealed fibro-consolidation with cavitation in anterior segment of left upper lobe with fibrotic nodule in anterior and posterior segment of right upper lobe
 X-ray showing Pennig external fixator in radius (screw is adjacent to vascular tissue, hence could not be removed).
 A scout CT view of the patient in case 2. This view shows a patent oropharyngeal airway despite superior and posterior displacement of the tongue secondary to a significant submandibular inflammation and swelling.
 Flowing candle wax condensation in the proximal femur on a plane radiography, specific of the Leri's disease
 Postoperative sagittal T2-weighted MRI one week after FMD showing the improvement of the cerebellar tonsillar herniation
 MRI of the thoracic spine (T2-weighted, sagittal reconstruction). The dorsal fluid collection suggests a paravertebral abscess (large arrow) just above the fractured and operated third thoracic vertebra (small arrow).
 Organoaxial gastric volvulus. The stomach is oriented with the organoaxial (longitudinal) axis which extends from the gastroesophageal junction to the pylorus, thus giving an “upside-down” appearance.
 One year follow up radiograph.
 Chest radiograph showing metallic object above the right clavicle
 Ultrasonogram of the enlarged pylorus. Ultrasonogram of the enlarged pylorus in a Swiss Braunvieh cow with lymphosarcoma of the abomasum. The pylorus contains ingesta and the thickness of its wall is increased. The image was obtained from the cranial right flank at the level of the costochondral junction using a 5.0-MHz convex transducer. 1 Lateral abdominal wall, 2 Thickened wall of pylorus, 3 Ingesta in pylorus, Ds Dorsal, Vt Ventral.
 Chest X-ray: an image from Day 15 post-surgery showed no signs of chylothorax.
 Upper gastrointestinal study (UGI) demonstrating intestinal malrotation and volvulus with abnormal position of the duodenal-jejunal junction to the right of the spine. Normally the duodenum should sweep across from right to left across the spine (dashed line shows the left spinal pedicles). A corkscrew appearance of the duodenum (arrow) demonstrates the volvulus
 Choroidal malignant melanoma - magnetic resonance imaging
 Ultrasonography of the breast shows a 20 × 15 × 8.8-mm, well-demarcated, low-echoic lesion with slightly irregular margins (arrow).
 2D transoesophageal echocardiography apical four chamber view showing presence of a membrane separating the right atrium into two parts
 Computed tomography (CT) of the abdomen demonstrated a segment of bowel edema with partial small bowel obstruction
 Coronal section of 18F-FDG PET/CT. Abnormal FDG uptakes were observed in the patient’s aortic wall and aortic branches (white arrow).
 Magnetic resonance imaging T2 axial view two years postoperatively. Recurrence began about 18 months postoperatively. Left caudal peduncle shows implant separating PCA (three arrows). Right cerebral peduncle now compressed by PCA (two arrows).
 A panorama radiograph after implant placement. Implants were placed 3 months after bone graft.
 Extensive WML
 Computed Tomography Angiogram at C6Computed tomography angiogram at the C6 level showing the vertebral artery in the foramen transversarium on the right (white arrow) and on the transverse process out of the foramen on the left (black arrow)
 Case 1. High-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) scan at the basal portion of the lungs demonstrating ground-glass attenuation, reticular opacities, traction bronchiectasis, with honeycombing throughout both lungs.
 A 17 mm maximum intensity projection of a CT-Scan shows a guide-wire coiled within the lumen of the right seminal vesicle and an angiographic catheter sheath inserted into the seminal vesicle.
 Case of maxillary first molar with two canals in the distal root as detected in axial section.
 32-year-old male with multifocal renal carcinoid and thyroid metastases. C. Ultrasound of thyroid demonstrates a nodule adjacent to the jugular vein and carotid artery. [Powerpoint Slide]
 A radiograph showing the correct position of the Prestige LP prosthesis.
 27-year-old African-American male with late-onset cystic fibrosis. Transabdominal ultrasound scan shows a highly echogenic liver (arrow) in comparison to adjacent right kidney (arrowhead).
 Fistulagram showing stenosis at both ends of the interpositioned veno-venous graft
 Brain Computed Tomography performed 24 h after second surgical intervention.
 Chest radiograph showing tracheal deviation but otherwise unremarkable.
 CT showing compressed and contused thoracic aorta (black arrow) and fragmental humeral head (white arrow)
 Abdominal CT. IVC is filled with low attenuate thrombus (arrow). Multiple collaterals are noted at the anterior abdominal wall, hepatogastric and hepatosplenic ligament area.
 Bilateral calcifications in the basal ganglia and white matter signal changes on MRI.
 The vas deferens lumen seen in the spermatic cord
 Panoramic view of condylar prosthesis after 1-year
 Anteroposterior chest radiograph obtained on day 7 of hospitalization; the cardiac silhouette decreased in size but a newly developed radiolucent lesion around the heart with left costophrenic angle blunting can be seen (arrows).
 Computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis axial view showing portal vein thrombosis.
 Computerised Tomography image demonstrating both an aortic valve lesion (black arrow) and an embolus to the distal left anterior descending artery (white arrow).
 Cystic artery origin (arrow) from the anterior sectoral branch of the right hepatic artery. This variant, occurring in approximately 20% of individuals, places the gallbladder in the treatment zone for right lobar radioembolization
 This is an anterior X-ray image of the hip joints after surgery. The trial head was faintly visible (white arrow).
 Transthoracic echocardiography, apical four chambers view. Massive enlargement of the right atrium. The right atrial area was 80.6 cm² (53.7 cm²/m²), and the calculated right atrial volume was 621 mL (414 mL/m²). LA: left atrium. LV: left ventricle. RA: right atrium. RV: right ventricle.
 Left subthalamic nucleus stroke caused contralateral hemiballism.
 AP radiograph. Cementless total hip arthroplasty. Stress shielding. Cortical hypertrophy in Gruen zone 1 (arrowheads) and adaptive atrophy in Gruen zone 6 (arrows) as different parts of reactive bone remodelling
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis findings.
 Right false coronary lumen area. Coronary angiography revealed a right coronary false lumen area caused by aortic dissecting aneurysm extending to the right coronary ostium
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography confirmed patency of the bypass (6 months postoperative).
 Magnetic resonance image (T2-weighted) showing T8-9 spondylodiskitis with epidural collection and significant spinal canal compromise.
 Eye balls pushed in CT orbit
 Intraoral periapical showing carious second molar with mesioangular third molar.
 Feeders from external carotid artery
 5 MHz sector scanner. Abrupt loss of the bright linear echo formed by normal aerated lung tissue (visceral or pulmonary pleura) to be replaced by a large hypoechoic area in the ventral lung.
  Lymph node metastasis in the neck from oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma.A 66-year-old man with a history of smoking and alcohol abuse presenting with a swelling on the right side of the neck and right VCP. Coronal contrast enhanced CT images showed a large lymph node conglomerate at level IIb (arrow) on the right side of the neck, with necrosis, extra nodal spread and extensive involvement of the right carotid space explaining the right VCP in this patient
 Two – days post-biopsy hepatic ultarsonographic image. Approximately the same plane is used and the same acoustic window as Figure 1, revealing echoic gas foci (black arrowheads) at the previous biopsy site. Gallbladder (white star) shows a normal appearance.
 A 45-year-old man with history of road traffic accident 3 months back. Coronal three-dimensional STIR SPACE image showing distorted divisions and cords on the right side with heterogeneous signal intensity due to scarring. On the left side, normal lateral cord is seen adjacent to the axillary artery
 We measured the orbital length between the center of the lens and the top of the muscle cone using horizontal MRI.
 Plain abdominal X-ray demonstrating a radio-opaque structure in the left lower quadrant (arrow).
 Whole Body PET/CT (a) Diagnostic Staging PET/CT – There is a hypermetabolic mass centered in the left maxillary sinus. The left cervical lymph nodes between the sternocleomastoid muscle and internal jugular vein as well as subcentimeter level 2 lymph nodes are also hypermetabolic.
 Thoracic enhanced CT shows a peripheral cavitary lesion (black arrow) with numerous lung nodules (white arrows) complicating the evolution of right side infective endocarditis
 Patient OPG.
 Lateral view X-ray showing compression of trachea
 Another chest X-ray showing elevated right side of diaphragm
 Frontal radiograph of left shoulder showing a lytic lesion involving head and proximal shaft of humerus (arrow) with narrow zone of transition. There is associated soft tissue swelling.
 The distance from the apex of the third molar to the lingual cortical bone; AL
 Male patient (case no. 2), aged 11 years and eight months: anteroposterior radiograph of the pelvis produced three years and six months after the operation
 Avulsed osseous fragment from the olecranon (the ‘flake’ sign)
 Complete obstruction of uterine cavity with glove’s finger appearance. Pelvic calcification (probably lymph node calcification) is detected
 Sagittal section of brain showing empty sella on magnetic resonance imaging
 CT scan cerebrum performed on the last day of the patient's life.
 Post-gadolinium contrast transverse fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) magnetic resonance image from case 7, revealing fluid-filled lesions (blue arrows) in the temporalis muscles with surrounding oedema
 The sonogram presents the thickening of the parietal peritoneum (arrows) as a manifestation of peritonitis carcinomatosa in the course of ovarian cancer spread
 Axial T2W MR image shows crowding at foramen magnum due to descent of cerebellar tonsils
 Computerized tomography
 CT-scan taken at the level of the carina. Remarkable decrease in size and number of the nodular metastases as well as of the hilar lymph nodes.
 Needle compressing vessel wall
 “Sharp Sign” (white arrow shows parietal pleura and black arrow visceral pleura, in between two are pleural effusion)
 chest CT-scan showed diffused interstitial shadows.
 Lenticulostriate arterial system. Maximum intensity projection (2D, pseudo colored) view of MR angiography image in a healthy volunteer (M.I.); overlaid on T1-weighted MR anatomical image. Arrows depict left and right lenticulostriate arterial branches supplying central subcortical gray and white matter structures. C = Caudate; P = Putamen; IC = Internal Capsule. Note: We were not able to visualize and isolate all lenticulostriate branches; their supply to the right putamen (P) is likely not fully depicted here.
 Large suprapubic collection with bladder catheter to drain, used for contrast CT. Contrast is going through the symphysis in to the bladder or prostatic urethra.
 A small Descemet's membrane detachment in the superonasal area.
 Left ovary measures 107 × 66.9 mm with multiple thin-walled cysts having clear contents
 Coronary angiography of the right coronary tree with no angiographic evidence of obstructive disease.
 Axial SPECT/CT slice, patient 6. No apparent migration is depicted in level 3 left, probably due to intense activity in neighbouring tumour.
 Abdominal ultrasonograph (US). Coarse liver parenchymal echotexture without focal hepatic mass or bile duct dilatation is noted.
 X-ray chest showing bilateral fluffy shadow involving both hilar region
 Selective left common carotid artery angiography shows traumatic pseudoaneurysm 1 cm below bifurcation
 CT scan at the level of the carina showing leiomyoma
 Angiography showing minimal extravasation
 Computed tomographic (CT) scan of the neck showing large hypodense lesions in the retropharyngeal space.
 Medial temporal atrophy (MTA) scoring illustrated on T1-weighted MRI. The degree of MTA was rated on a 5-point scale from absent (0) to severe (4). The MTA score of this patient is 2 (right: 2, left: 2).
 Non-contrast computed tomography showing left ureteric calculus
 Computed tomography chest demonstrating the tip of the ventriculo-peritoneal shunt catheter adjacent to the aorta.
 Normal four chamber axial view of the heart.
 Coupe scannographique coronale du rachis dorsolombaire montrant une masse hypodense bien limitée avec une coque périphérique calcifiée au niveau du muscle paravertébrale gauche qui parait tuméfié
 Computed tomography showing a low density lesion with irregular and thick margins in lateral neck region.
 Magnetic resonance imaging findings of diffuse peritoneal involvement by a poorly differentiated sarcoma. Sagittal T2-weighted turbo spin-echo magnetic resonance image (repetition time msec/echo time msec = 8440/136) shows diffuse sheetlike and nodular thickening of the peritoneal surfaces (arrows). Note also a moderate amount of ascites (asterisk). Bladder (B).
 Panoramic radiograph , with a magnification rate of 1:1 , at the time of one third of MM2 root formation (T1): The measurements of the angle of inclination of MM2 ( right side ) and of the distance from the distal height of the contour of the first mandibular molar (MM1) to the anterior margin of mandibular ramus (left side) are shown.
 Mycobacterium tuberculosis (TB). TB mediastinal lymph nodes are typically markedly enlarged and of low attenuation on computed tomography, often demonstrating rim enhancement following contrast administration, as in this case
 T1 coronal view of knee magnetic resonance imaging. A line is shown along the most inferior part of the femoral condyles and a line parallel to this line at an intermediate imaging among the obtained ones where the popliteal grooves are seen, where the indicated morphometric values were measured.
 A computed tomography scan showing a large multicystic mass (15.5 × 16 × 9 cm) adherent to the abdominal wall.
 A contrast‐enhanced spiral CT scan showing an eccentric filling defect along the lateral margin of the right pulmonary artery. The patient was a 53‐year‐old male with schistosomiasis, pulmonary hypertension and lung vessel remodeling.
 Modified short access view at the level of the aortic root showing large mycotic pseudoaneurysm.
 AP pelvis X-ray obtained 12 weeks from initial presentation with progressive flattening of femoral epiphysis indicative of segmental collapse seen in non-Perthes osteonecrosis.
 Abdominal contrast enhanced CT scan, portal phase: “Whirl sign” of the gallbladder pedicle.
 Case 1: Pulsed Doppler of the umbilical artery of the abnormal fetus shows reversal of flow on the spectral waveform
 X-ray of both lower extremities showing severe soft tissue constriction with normal bone.
 Chest radiograph of a patient with end-stage fibrotic ABPA who presented with a right-sided spontaneous pneumothorax (arrow)
 Magnetic resonance image showing lesion in the left pontocerebellar angle.
 T2 weighted, fat saturated, postcontrast, axial MR image of left calf at another location, again showing a multiloculated fluid collection with associated enhancing rim and septations (white arrows) within the tibialis posterior muscle, compatible with an intramuscular abscess.
 Sagittal T2-weighted spinal MRI shows an intramedullar hyperintense lesion extending from T4 to T10 (between the arrows).
 Post-contrast computed tomography scan of the upper abdomen reveals a small pseudocyst of 2cm at the pancreatic tail (arrow).
 Post PCI: middle left anterior descending artery was successfully addressed by PCI performed with stent implantation. PCI: percutaneous coronary intervention.
 MRI Adrenals showing bilateral adrenal glands.
 Post attachment Iopa radiograph showing abutment screw engaging the internal hex chamber
 Femoral head-neck offset ratio. This ratio can be assessed using three lines: (1) a horizontal line between the center of the long axis of the femoral neck and the center of the femoral head; (2) a line parallel to line 1 through the anteriormost aspect of the femoral neck; and (3) a line parallel to line 1 through the anteriormost aspect of the femoral head. The head-neck offset ratio is calculated by dividing the distance between lines 2 and 3 by the diameter of the femoral head. The figure depicts a normal case where the head-neck offset ratio is 0.26.
 Right coronary artery
 Axial SSFSE T2-W image in a 20 gestational week fetus demonstrates bilateral germinolytic cysts (arrows) consistent with prior germinal matrix injury. A portion of the demised twin is seen in the lower part of the image. Findings were confirmed on coronal image (not shown). (Reprinted with permission [81])
 Control group anterior–posterior radiograph.
 Abdominal computed tomography scan. Here splenomegaly, multiple hepatic and splenic lesions, and lymphadenopathy are seen.
 Second scan: 24 hours. After first scan. Arterial phase axial CT scan with 100cc I.V. contrast.
 Ultrasound scan shows how to measure femur length, with the ‘hook’ from the greater trochanter to the distal metaphysis included.
 CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast showing heterogeneous fat/soft-tissue density within the greater omentum (see white arrow). There is also extensive ascites.
 Chest radiograph on admission shows four quadrant infiltrates. AP, anteroposterior.
 Three years after the operation. Humeral head centered in the glenoid cavity and reduction of the glenoid retroversion (left shoulder).
 Preoperative chest X-ray with enormous heart silhouette – 4.5-year-old boy with postinfection pericardial tamponade
 Patient 1 preoperative urethrocystography showing a short urethral gap (*) between the urethral stumps with possibility of primary anastomosis.
 AP view of both hips after 2 years follow-up.
 TC de tórax, corte axial, com janela para o mediastino e contraste intravenoso. Presença de massa (setas) com contorno regular e limites bem definidos na base do hemitórax direito, exercendo compressão sobre o fígado e apresentando o típico padrão espongiforme pela presença de gás no seu interior.
 Ultrasound biomicroscopy image showing plateau iris with the classic double-hump sign. Contrary to angle closure on the basis of relative pupillary block, where indentation gonioscopy results in deepening of the peripheral anterior chamber, in plateau iris the iris contour follows the lens, dips posteriorly, then rises anteriorly before reaching the angle recess. The iris root remains angulated forward with a deepening of the anterior chamber confined to the region of the central iris. In this figure iridotrabecular contact (ITC) can be appreciated.
 Abdominal CT of Patient 1 after completion of evofosfamide regimen, with stability in target lesion at 1.8 x 2.0 cm, with CA-125 107 U/ml
 Invasive placenta in coronal section MRI. MRI = magnetic resonance imaging.
 Endoscopic ultrasound-directed fine needle aspiration of the pancreatic tuberculous mass.
 TDM cérébrale (coupe axiale): AVC ischémique carotidien bilatéral aigu suite à une thrombose inflammatoire
 Frontal radiograph of the chest demonstrating a right sided pleural effusion and middle mediastinal widening
 Multiple enlarged lymph nodes (arrows) along the sternocleidomastoid muscle (M): oval, round and longitudinal, hypoechoic, with no clearly visible hilum. The ultrasound image is ambiguous – it could indicate lymphoma, however, metastases cannot be excluded. Final diagnosis: sarcoidosis.
 On return of patient from the operating theatre or following resuscitation, all tubes and lines should be checked and accounted for. In this patient, the position of the tracheostomy tube is satisfactory (black arrow), but the nasogastric tube is curled on itself and lies in the gastric fundus (white arrow); and the chest drain is also incorrectly placed for draining the pleural effusion (thin black arrow)
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showing changes in the subcutaneous tissue extending to the ribs.
 39-year-old woman with pulmonary nodules discovered incidentally diagnosed as pulmonary hyalinizing granuloma associated with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura. Lung windows from computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis demonstrate nodules in the left (red arrow) and right (yellow arrow) lower lobes.
 Contrast-enhanced upper gastrointestinal radiography revealed severe stenosis from the duodenal bulb to the superior duodenal angulus.
 Huang type A1
 CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis showing left renal calculi with foci or air in the renal parenchyma.
 Computed tomography abdomen confirmed 6 cm × 8 cm perisplenic hematoma
 Chest radiograph of the patient showing no abnormality.
 Final result
 A standard mammogram. Are the intersections in the two circles actual structures or the accidental superposition of filaments at different depths in the 3D volume of the breast?
 Single frame OCT image of the anterior segment of a 35 year-old human eye. The main ocular structures are indicated: cornea (C), anterior chamber (AC), crystalline lens (L), iris (I) and angle (A). The image consists of 1000 A-lines of 2048 pixels each. The size of the frame in the axial direction is 7.6 mm when the mean group refractive index of the anterior segment is taken to be 1.37 at 840 nm. The lateral scanning length was set to 16mm. Zero-delay location (ZD) is indicated.
 Thorax CT showed multiple mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathies.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram in the parasternal long axis view. A significantly dilated left ventricle is seen with three intracavitary masses. Video demonstrated severe global hypokinesis.
 CT imaging of the massive vascularized growth throughout the iliac area, involving cutaneous and muscular tissues of the left testicle.
 Right lateral radiograph of the thorax depicting mild pneumothorax. The diaphragm appears intact
 The dark center of the lesion is surrounded by progressively increasing hyperfluorescence in the late phase (white arrow, left eye).
 Placement of thermo luminescent chips on the thyroid region
 MRI scan showing an enormous multicystic tumour arising from the prostate gland infiltrating the posterior wall of the bladder and also involving the rectum
 Computed tomography showing hypodense extra-calvarial mass with no enhancement
 The imaging of a healthy volunteer obtained by using the optimized three-dimensional (3D) Look-Locker sequence and the following parameters: repetition time (TR) 22 msec; echo time (TE) 11 msec; field of view (FOV) 230 × 196 mm; acquisition matrix 192 × 127; acquisition pixel size 1.2 × 1.54 mm; recon matrix 256 × 218; recon pixel size 0.9 × 0.9 mm; 15 slices with a thickness of 5 mm; echo-planar imaging (EPI) factor 11; turbo-field echo (TFE) factor 3; band width 54.7 Hz; flip angle 10°; inversion recovery (IR) pulse interval 7000 msec; recovery period (tr) 4993 msec; sampling points at 1908 msec. Chemical shift artifact was caused significantly.
 Acute pancreatitis, enlarged head and body (crosses). Obstruction of the duodenal loop (arrows), hypoechoic areas
 Transverse sonography of PASH shows an approximate 5 cm sized well-circumscribed homogeneous hypoechoic oval mass in a 30-year-old woman who presented with a palpable mass in the right breast. PASH, pseudoangiomatous stromal hyperplasia.
 Computed tomography imaging of augmented left axillary lymph node with calcifications
 The superior mesenteric vein flipped into the thorax with the herniated small bowel and colon
 Emergency angiogram through the right femoral artery. The arrow shows active extravasation of contrast from the ruptured third right lumbar artery aneurysm.
 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose whole-body positron emission tomography-computed tomography scan maximum intensity projection (after potassium chloride infusion): Altered physiological distribution of 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose with markedly increased uptake in almost all major muscle groups, including those of the neck, thorax, abdomen, and pelvis
 Slice from CT scan of the abdomen showing free intraperitoneal air, free fluid and dilated bowel loops, consistent with peritonitis
 Cortex hypoplasia in gray scale.
 Computed tomography scan demonstrating a pedunculated lesion (arrow) projecting from the right tracheal wall into its lumen.
 Chest computed tomography scan with contrast, showing mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Highlighted is one 12 × 21 mm enlarged lymph node in the right mediastinum.
 Fluorescein angiography of the right eye showing changes in the architecture of retinal vessels straightening and tortuosity and peripheral leakage at 5:04 min of angiography.
 54-year-old female. Coronal T2-weighted MRI scan with fat saturation. The consensus MRI reading was meniscoid superior labrum (arrow). The operative report included no mention of a labral tear, meniscoid superior labrum therefore being presumed to be a normal variant.
 Bright-field STEM tomography of 1 μm-thick C. reinhardtii. (a) 2D projection image of entire C. reinhardtii in the xy plane. (b) 25-nm thick slices across the xy (top panel) and xz (bottom panel) planes of BF STEM tomogram. (c) 10-nm thick slice across tomogram recorded from the region marked in a. (d) Expanded areas from tomogram in c showing fine ultrastructural details. Left panel: the two faces of a vesicle membrane are resolved indicating a resolution within 5 nm (arrows). Right panel: membranes of thylakoid stacks. Scale bars, 1 μm (a,b), 500 nm (c), 50 nm (d).
 Abdominal radiograph demonstrates a large soft tissue density within the left hemi-abdomen with several loops of dilated bowel displaced towards the right upper quadrant.
 Lymph node uptake.
 Anteroposterior view of the pelvis showing the bullet in the right acetabulum
 Axial CT scan shows a central pulmonary carcinoid associated with dense amorphous calcification (arrow)
 Transesophageal echocardiogram revealing vegetation on the mitral valve leaflets.
 Voiding Cystouretrography, Patient No. 5 One Year Postoperation Can Void and Whole Urethra Is Visible
 Contrast-enhanced CT demonstrating an aneurysm arising from the left hepatic artery.
 Post-operative cystogram
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) showing focal stricture of the common hepatic duct at the level of entry in to the cystic duct.
 Computed tomography scan showing a solid mass in the left parotid gland.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography showing a homogenously enhanced lenticular tumor from the lateral aspect of the middle pole of the left kidney.
 A lateral X-ray image of calcaneus: the pull of the Achilles tendon causes the fragment to be dislocated, with incongruence in the subtalar joint.
 Upright abdominal radiograph shows dilated loops of small bowel, with multiple air fluid levels (arrows)
 CT image showing a homogenous mass in right orbit (Arrow
 Erect chest X-ray highlighting the presence of subphrenic gas
 Transverse USG shows perivenous tumescent fluid (arrows) around the sheath in the long saphenous vein (arrowhead)
 Post-contrast subtraction axial MRI image reveals left testicular enlargement and left paratesticular enhancement. Note that the affected left testis is hypointense and no contrast enhancement is observed diagnostic for testicular torsion (arrows). However, right unaffected testis is preserved and shows normal contrast enhancement (arrowheads).
 Axial T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the cervical spine at the C5-6 vertebral levels in neutral position. Spinal cord atrophy is apparent, especially on the left side (arrow).
 After pneumatic dilatation
 Digital subtraction fluoroscopy image shows previously placed metallic stents in the biliary radicals (arrows) and puncture (arrowhead) of the gallbladder wall
 Patient 5. Magnetic resonance imaging showing a mass at the base of the tongue that markedly narrows and shifts the oropharynx laterally.
 45-year-old woman with Marfan syndrome. Axial, contrast-enhanced image of the pelvis shows a large presacral cyst. Continguity with the sacrum, widening of the neural foramen, dural ectasia involving other nerve root sleeves (not shown), and clinical history enable the appropriate diagnosis of left S1 anterior sacral meningocele.
 Follow-up film of Figure 8. A successful cecocolic detorsion with water-soluble contrast enema.
 Non-enhanced CT-scan (coronal view).
 PET/CT with 99Tc-MIBI shows similar distribution of uptake to 18FCH, without uptake by normal brain parenchyma. Physiological uptake by the choroid plexus is more prominent
 1-year follow-up of angiography shows no restenosis in the stents
 Virtual touch tissue quantification image of metastatic lymph node in a 47-year-old woman with small cell lung cancer. The shear wave velocity was 4.42 m/s.
 Transverse scan of the treatment plan for salvage brachytherapy of prostate
 The preoperative December 2014 magnetic resonance imaging axial study documented a massive central-left sided L2–L3 disk herniation resulting in severe thecal sac and left L2 and L3 foraminal/lateral recess root compression respectively
  A midsagittal computed tomography of a sacral u-type fracture with spondylopelvic dissociation. The spine and upper sacrum have broken free from the pelvic ring allowing the spine to displace anteriorly and inferiorly into the pelvis.
 MRI of the Pelvis Showing Two Separate Urethral Diverticula
 Initial manifestations of the patient with transesophageal echocardiography, showing a 4 × 3 cm cyst with multiple internal structures.
 Male patient, 33 years old, MEN 2 MTCLesion was oval in shape, with well-defined margin, mixed echogenicity, some cystic changes (arrows).
 T2 weighted sagittal Magnetic Resonance Image showing a well-bridged Achilles tendon with normal signal intensity at three months after the surgical debridement.
 73-year-old female resident for 34 years near asbestos mine.CT shows obvious (arrows) and faint (arrowheads) dot-like opacities in subpleural portions of lower lung.
 An irregular hypoechoic mass in the mesentery is the only manifestation of a carcinoid tumor in the ileum (not shown in the figure)
   Coiled guidewire within the targeted jejunal loop.
 Kikuchi cervical lymphadenopathy in a 10-year-old male.Longitudinal sonogram shows multiple well-defined, conglomerated lymph nodes in right cervical lymph node levels II, III, IV, and V. The size of the cervical lymph nodes shows even distribution. It should be noted that the central echogenic hilum of the cervical lymph nodes is preserved.
 Abdominal CT scanning on day 19 (day 15 after symptoms) showing severely dilated small bowel and characteristic intussusception features: “target lesion” or “doughnut sign” and sausage-shaped mass.
 Voiding cystourethrogram showing persistent right ureterocele and reflux in the retained right ureteral stump
 Initial arthrosis due to salient anchors.
 Right-sided pneumothorax
 Balloon was inflated to occlude the infrarenal artery, see blue arrow
 Chest computed tomography (CT) in sagital oblique reformation: a pseudoaneurysm size over 6*6 cm arises from aortic arch (black arrow) and suspicious hemorrhage into pericardium.
 CT scan of situs inversus
 Complex reverberation artefact in temporal artery. The superficial vessel displays reverberation as a showering of colour below the vessel
 Sagittal abdominal CT section showing thickening and calcification of intestinal and peritoneal walls (arrow). Presence of linear, gross calcifications.
 Tranverse T2-weighted image of the right thigh. A massive hematoma is seen at the proximal part of the M. semitendinosus. The muscle belly of the long head of the M. biceps femoris is absent, confirming a rupture with retraction. A high signal of the tendon of the M. semimebranosus suspects a partial tendon rupture of this muscle
 AP radiograph of the unaffected left forearm
 CT, axial view showing bifid spine, cervical and thoracic vertebrae
 Two months after extraction of the mandibular left 1st molar at the age of 15
 Cerebral Magnetic Resonance imaging showing increased subarachnoid space volume without increased ventricular volume.
 Bilateral exophthalmos as seen on MRI.
 CT showing swirling of the vascular pedicle in keeping with splenic volvulus.
 Apical four-chamber view of echocardiography demonstrating the end diastolic ratio of noncompacted layer 18.7 mm (yellow marking) and compacted layer 7.2 mm (blue marking) with resultant ratio of >2.
 3 months' follow-up
 The right coronary artery is completely occluded in the proximal segment (arrow)
 Orogastric tube placement in stomach before CPR. Note the loop around the stomach.
 T1-weighted gradient echo sequence after intravenous contrast of a large renal cell carcinoma in the upper pole of the left kidney with tumor thrombus extending into the IVC up to the level of the liver
  Incidental PET-avid right thyroid nodule detected on staging for colon cancer. Pathology assessment later confirmed primary thyroid cancer.
 Barium study (erect) showed distended hypotonic stomach suggestive of prolonged gastric outlet obstruction
 Typical hyperechoic appearance of a haemangioma on conventional B mode Ultrasound.
 Lateral cervical spine radiograph.
 Preoperative lateral radiograph of right knee.
 Artery phase of enhanced abdominal MRI 2 years after living donor liver transplantation. The white arrow indicates a 0.7-cm nodule of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) with arterial enhancement in segment VI of the allograft.
 A periapical radiograph confirmed the retrieval of the metallic obstruction from the root canal of tooth 34
 Axial CT image showing inhomogeneous contrast-enhanced lesion (arrow) infiltrating the splenic vessels at the level of the hilum.
 Thoracic CT reveals a loop of bowel incarcerated into the pericardial cavity. This image can be easily mistaken for pneumopericardium secondary to postoperative changes. Right lower lobe consolidation may be appreciated as well.
 Divergent K-wire fixation of fracture, wires buried
 Ankle joint medial transverse view with large calcification inside tibialis posterior tendon
 Post-capillary venule leak. Left eye post-capillary venule leak affecting many vessel segments. Subtle leak from venules can be detected by comparing venules (e.g. double arrow) with corresponding arterioles (single arrow). The alternating pattern of arterioles and venules makes this sign particularly clear in well focussed images of the fovea (centre of image). Disc leak is also visible
 A sagittal view demonstrates fusion of the C3-C4.
 Transverse T2-weighted MRI scan of the cervical spinal cord at the C7 level with normal signal intensity of the lateral and dorsal columns after treatment.
 Bronchiectasis is seen at right paramediastinal area.
 Angiogram of right coronary artery – smooth artery without any atherosclerosis
 Plain chest x-ray shows abnormal left ventricular contour with silhouette sign. The lung parenchyma contains small pulmonary nodules, later proven to be pulmonary metastases. Blurred left hemidiaphragm and blunted costophrenic angle suggest pleural effusion.
 A postoperative radiograph of a periacetabular osteotomy secured with screws.
 Case 3. A 23-year-old woman presented with a slightly tender mass on the right chest wall. Contrast-enhanced CT imaging displayed a large, heterogeneous pleural-based mass extending into the thoracic cavity with adjacent rib destruction.
 A persistent periappendiceal collection is again seen. New findings include small bowel obstruction as well as nodules adjacent to the collection and along the track of previous drain insertion.
 Ultimate Bros 3 wire across the lesion and marker of the Tornus system, creating space in the occlusion. Anchor technique (BMW Universal II with 2.5 mm × 15 mm Maverick MONORAIL balloon catheter in the right coronary branch)
 Comma‐shaped lesions (Yellow arrows) within the cyst (sagittal view).
 MRI spine showing hyperintensity at the level of T7, T8 and T9.
 Computerized tomography scan of the abdomen showing a 7 cm area of enhancement in the left lower pole of the kidney (arrow) consistent with renal clear cell carcinoma.
 Radiographie des épaules de face montrant la Luxation antéro-interne dans sa variété sous-coracoïdienne chez le deuxième patient
 A 14-mm nodule in the right lower lobe (arrow) was identified by radiologists but not detected by the CAD system. At follow-up CT performed six months later (not shown), it was not visible.
 Right maxillary mucocele causing bulging of the uncinate process.
 CT showing a high density defect in the distal common bile duct (arrow).
 Second panoramic radiograph showing intralesional bone regeneration and malunion of the fractured mandible eight months later.
 Developmental variant of the pancreas; left pancreatic primordium (zb) to be differentiated from a focal lesion in the uncinate process; common bile duct (pżw), venous confluence (zl)
 Chest X-ray after 24 hours of ILV.
 Six weeks postoperatively.
 Longitudinal image of a hypoechoic nodule with a spiculated margin (arrows) and anterior capsular breach on high-resolution ultrasound. The lesion was confirmed as a papillary thyroid carcinoma on surgical resection
 Transthoracic echocardiography, off-axis view of the right atrium, acquired at the end of contrast infusion, showing perfusion of the mass
 Sagittal T1-weighted magnetic resonance image showing nodulation in the retropatellar region.
 Follow-up computed tomography of the abdomen showing a decrease in the mass lesion.
 Angiography. Tumor stains and stains of liver parenchyma enhanced through arterioportal shunts are shown on angiograms of the left (A) and right (B) hepatic arteries.
 Preoperative contrast-enhanced chest computed tomographic (CT) scan shows food materials in the markedly dilated esophagus.
 Hypoechoic mass (0.5 cm × 0.6 cm) medial to the carotid artery and lateral to the trachea suggestive of parotid adenoma; arrow points to hypoechoic mass.
  Abdominal CT scan. Hematoma of the rectus abdominis (White arrow).
 Axial MRI.
 female, 42 years, axial T2-weighted MRI shows lymphadenopathy (arrow).
  Postoperative color-coded transesophageal echocardiography on atrial level: no detectable shunt in the interatrial septum after surgical correction.
 Chest CT on admission revealed esophageal discontinuity in the subcarinal region representing esophageal perforation (arrow).
 Chest radiograph shows resolution of nodular densities after oral praziquantel therapy.
 Neck anteroposterior view shows that central venous catheter is bent sharply to the cephalad in right internal jugular vein.
 X-ray showed bilateral diffuse infiltrates
 A CXR on a patient with thoracic trauma following a road traffic accident. Diagnosis of a hemopneumothorax was made, but before proceeding to a chest drain placement, a CT scan was obtained as a part of a work up for multiple traumas, which showed a diaphragmatic rupture and herniation of stomach into the left hemithorax explaining the air/fluid at the left lung base.
 Computed tomography scan with the head inflexion showing the atlantoaxial facets in alignment
 Patient 1 at presentation. Orbit computed tomography showing pansinusitis and subperiosteal abscesses involving the left medial (4 × 16-mm-) and upper orbital (6 × 15-mm-) walls. There is inferiotemporal displacement of the left globe by the infectious collections.
 Magnetic resonance imaging whole spine T2 sagittal view-note the destruction of L2–L3 intervertebral disc clearly visible (arrow)
 Chest AP film on admission revealed cardiomegaly with widening of the mediastinum, as well as blunting of left costo-pleural angle suggesting pleural effusion.
 Hip reconstruction with a metallic reinforcement ring and a conical cementless stem, without acetabular bone loss. Cancellous bone allograft was used in the femoral side.
 Patient 1: Panoramic radiograph at 12 years of age. The radiograph shows enlarged pulp chambers and abnormality of the shape of crown form. The second molars present more severe taurodontism than the first molars.
 Cerebral angiogram, showing a delayed posttraumatic aneurysm that involves the hypophyseal artery (arrow).
 Fluoroscopy-guided visualization and retrieval of embolized portion of port-a-cath in the right pulmonary artery. The femoral vein approach was used to free the catheter using a triple loop snare
 Sagittal postgadolinium T1-weighted MR image revealed an epidural abscess at C4-5 level in cervical region (case 1).
 Four-chamber apical view demonstrating a large interatrial septal aneurysm.RA, right atrium; IASA, interatrial septal aneurysm; LA, left atrium
 Axial view of FDG-PET/CT: hypermetabolic activity in upper rectum with average SUV of 5.0 and SUVmax of 10.0, 1.6 cm × 2.8 cm × 1.8 cm sizes.
 T2-weighted sagittal MRI shows hyperintense lesions consistent with edema in the lower brainstem (arrow) and cervical spinal cord.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram of the tumor (4.97 cm × 3.22 cm).
 Cystic teratoma (*) attached to the aortic root (Ao).
 Radiographs of proximal humerus destruction by myeloma (a) and modular endoprosthetic replacement (b)
 Heterotopic ossification: a patient 2 years after SCI, with soft tissue ossification involving both hips. The hip is the most commonly involved joint
 Sonogram of the gallbladder showing polypoid lesion (arrow).
 Before Treatment.
 An 8.5-month-old girl. Right hip ultrasonography image (Graf type 1/mature hip). Ultrasonography of the hip was performed according to the Graf method. The ultrasonography device had a 7.5-MHz linear transducer (Toshiba Sonolayer SSA-270A, Japan).
 Preoperative intravenous pyelogram images showing bilateral (B/L) pelvic kidneys overlying the sacrum, dilated left renal pelvis and contrast filled bladder.
 Ultrasound of closed GSV at one-week (no flow and no vein wall retraction). GSV, great saphenous vein
   Endoscopic ultrasound image of gallbladder with marked wall thickness, and with the Doppler signal clearly detecting the site of vascular structures.
 Right Coronary Artery Originating from the midportion Left Anterior Descending Artery with coursing to the familiar area of the RCA.
 3-D volume rendering of the medial portion of the foot (Yin qiao mai meridian): the points studied correspond to: 1) Tendino-muscular segment of the flexor digitorum longus, 2) Tendon of the flexor digitorum longus on the talus, and 3) abductor hallucis muscle.
 Ultrasound image showing twin gestation with enlarged ovaries and fluid in pouch of douglas
 Ultrasound imaging of the solitary fibrous tumor
 Anterior segment optical coherence tomography image of an eye with keratoconus, demonstrating central thinning of the cornea.
 Chest CT scan showing solid tissue in the posterosuperior mediastinum, together with circumferential involvement of the trachea and esophagus.
 Transesophageal echo image showing typical “banana shaped” left ventricular cavity, indicated by solid white arrow (preoperatively during 1st stage operation)
 Coronal reconstruction, revealing the body of the pseudocyst in the left anterior pararenal space, extending from the level of the stomach down inferiorly to the iliac crest.
 A follow-up sonogram obtained after seven days reveals a markedly improved cystic lesion in the lateral portion of the liver.
 Angiogram showing complete thrombosis of DES in mid Left Anterior Descending artery.
 Ultrasound image of longitudinal view of multicystic pelvic mass
 Arthroscopically proven partial-thickness supraspinatus tendon tear, type C Oblique axial T1-weighted FS TSE MR arthrography image in ABER position, obtained in a 57-year-old man, shows a type C partial-thickness tear (arrow) with a torn edge (asterisk) of the articular surface of the tendon
 Patient 1. The anteroposterior X-ray after removal of the screw fixation shows progression of the slip to nearly 70 degrees.
 Transvaginal Doppler interrogation of the uterine artery at the cervicocorporeal junction. Normal uterine artery waveforms. Reproduced with permission from Associate Professor F. da Silva Costa.
 Hypoechoic lump at breast ultrasound.
 Severe coronary artery stenosis detected on cardiac angiography.
 FSE, T2WI, sagittal plane. Four year-old boy with a mitochondrial disease, most likely MERFF. The lesions in the anterior part of the corpus callosum are progressive; 1.5 years earlier there was only a trace of T2 hyperintensity in the callosal genu.
 Large upper rectal adenocarcinoma with possible involvement of the bladder wall there is a large aneurysm-type carcinoma (arrow) of the rectum present with stranding of the fat between the tumor and the bladder which is concerning for bladder involvement which would classify the tumor as T4.
 Panoramic radiograph of a KCOT occupying the right maxillary sinus. Note that the border is not readily apparent.
 IVROM II.
 L’urographie intraveineuse à 3 mois post-opératoire
 Chest X-ray pre-stent.
 CT soft tissue window showing an iso-hypodense nodular mass in the right parapharyngeal space.
 Computed tomography image of intra-cranial air around upper part of brain stem
 Inlet radiograph at 16 months post surgery demonstrating solid fixation and bony healing
 Transvaginal ultrasound depicts an axial section of the uterus; a normal anteroflexed uterus is seen with a double cervix (black arrows A, B). Both endocervical channels join together. White arrow points to the place at the internal cervical os where the channels fuse.
 Isolated Kaposi sarcoma lesion of the left tonsil in a 69 year-old Caucasian HIV-negative human herpesvirus type 8 positive male.
 Anterior-posterior X-ray showing medial migration of the lag screw into the acetabulum after 12 weeks.
 SPECT/CT image of the cervicothoracic and abdominal regions obtained from the lymphoscintigraphy assessment with intradermal administration of dextran-99mTc on the dorsum of the feet; the images obtained 18hours after start of the examination show focal area of radiotracer retention/leakage in the lymph ducts located in the topography of the thoracic introit, bilaterally, more accentuated to the right.
 Pre-operative radiograph of the right wrist. Radiographic images revealed a blurred joint surface in the distal radius, the proximal pole of the lunate and the scaphoid (black arrow). In addition, narrowing of the joint space, sclerosis and collapse of the lunate bone were observed (red arrow).
 Post-treatment panoramic radiograph.
 Initial AP radiograph showing a mid-diaphyseal humeral fracture with mild angulation.
 On gadolinium-enhanced breath-held 3D spoiled GRE MR image, pancreatic carcinoma (M) in tail of pancreas does not show any significant enhancement as compared to adjacent normal pancreatic parenchyma (arrow). Note multiple hepatic metastases (arrowheads).
 Orthopantographic examination profile at three months follow-up after the surgery to remove the cystic lesions.
 Lateral cervical spine intraoperative X-ray showing good placement of ProDisc-C (Depuy Synthes, West Chester, PA) at initial implantation
 X-ray neck (lateral view)
 Ultrasound scan of the right chest wall demonstrates the pleural end of the Denver shunt catheter placed subcutaneously (arrow).
 Two months later, sagittal T1W MR image shows a progressive pathological compression fracture of the T3 vertebra (arrow, compared with Fig. 4a).
 Post surgery assessment.
 CECT thorax film showing leakage of contrast from lower esophagus into left pleural cavity.
 FLAIR axial images: hyperintense signal involving the white matter typically in occipital regions.
 4D echography, gestational age 21 weeks, viable fetus and parasite fetus (profile)
 Multiple cavitatory lesions on day 5
 Magnetic resonance imaging pituitary sagittal view showing pituitary macroadenoma and frontal lobe meningioma
  A rare complication of dental implantation, sinusitis due to a migrated dental implant to the maxillary sinus ostium.
 Venogram demonstrating the line position and persistent left-sided SVC. Contrast injection showed variant drainage of the neck and arm veins with right and left brachiocephalic veins dividing to drain into a normally placed right SVC and a persistent left-sided SVC which is draining into the right atrium inferiorly. This patient has a persistent left-sided SVC draining into the right atrium, the line tips are in this vessel, giving good flow in both lumens.
 Chest roentgenogram revealing an elevated left hemidiaphragm and a shift of the lower mediastinum to right.
 Abdominopelvic CT shows an ulceroinfiltrating mass of 5 cm in size along the lesser curvature side of gastric antrum abutting the pancreas with perigastric infiltration with multiple lymphadenopathy in the perigastric area, the proper hepatic artery, and the common hepatic artery.
 LAD view during cardiac catheterization showing no significant disease in Right Coronary Artery (RCA).
 Plain radiograph taken at the time of initial presentation and reported as 'no bony injury'.
 The sonographic appearance of free intraperitoneal air results form scattering of the ultrasound waves at the interface of soft tissue and air which is accompanied by reverberation of the waves between the transducer and the air
 MRI showed extensive edema involving skin, subcutaneous tissue, and deep fascia with multiple areas of negative enhancement in the deep subcutaneous fascia representing small collections.
 Coronal proton density–weighted magnetic resonance image through the ischial tuberosities demonstrating the normal origin of the adductor magnus (AM) ischiocondylar tendon (arrowheads), arising from the outer aspect of the inferior ischial tuberosity. The AM ischiocondylar tendon is found medially to the proximal semimembranosus (arrows) tendon. Note the close relationship and similar appearance of the 2 tendons on imaging.
 Postoperative radiography of the first patient.
 This image shows an angiography of the splenic artery observing splenic contrast leak (white arrows).
 Computed tomography scan showed a more than 70% reduction of the abscess 1 week after the metal stent placement.
 Follow-up image of the chest after the second aspiration of the left pleural cavity. Large opacity visible in the entire left lung field, mediastinal shift to the right side
 Diagnostic catheterization via simultaneous injection of the right and left coronary systems showing moderate collaterals from the distal LAD supplying the RCA and chronic total occlusion of the proximal RCA.
 X-ray showing destruction and amputation of fingers in a child suffering from congenital insensitivity to pain with anhydrosis
 T2-weighted MRI in dog 1. The lesion (arrow) was hyperintense on T2-weighted, T2-FLAIR and T1-weighted images at the right middle ear cavity. The enhancement was not seen.
 Macular spectral domain optical coherence tomography image of the right eye with no pathologic finding.
 The radiological appearance of her pelvis 4 years after the total hip replacement. There has been some migration of the cemented cup but the hip causes her no pain.
 Panoramic radiograph showing transmigrated 33 lying below the apices of mandibular incisors.
 Graphic representation of the possible contributions of symmetric bilateral subthalamic stimulation to axial motor deterioration in the context of asymmetric circuits for axial motor control and Parkinson's disease progression. (L: left, R: right, BL: bilateral, PPN/MLR: pedunculopontine nucleus/mesencephalic locomotor region, PMRF: pontomedullary reticular formation)
 CT scan showing the transposition of major abdominal organs
 MRCP showing dilated pancreatic duct (arrow) and multiple large pancreatic calculi.
 Stress echocardiogram during ventricular tachycardia, LVIDd: 6.80 cm, LVED: 69.93 ml, LVIDs: 5.41 cm, LVESV: 29.35 ml, LVEF: 58.03%.
 Sample CT scan of the human head.
 73-year-old female with spindle-cell sarcoma. Followup MRI examination 18 months after initial presentation. Sagittal STIR fat-suppressed image of the left knee shows a large ill-defined infiltrative soft-tissue mass centered in the popliteal fossa with invasion of the neurovascular bundle (arrow) consistent with a soft-tissue sarcoma. The lesion shows intermediate-increased signal on the STIR images. Note marked interval enlargement of the lesion since the initial MRI examination (Figure 1A, Figure 1B, Figure 1C, Figure 1D).
 Contrast-enhanced axial CT image shows mass in the gallbladder with embedded calculi
 Periapical radiograph after obturation.
 T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging revealed the dark signal intensity of liver, pancreas, spleen, and bone marrow.
 The VP shunt was placed into the left lateral ventricle (arrow) and the peritoneal cavity (arrowhead).
 Digital subtraction cineangiography. Contrast injected into the left pulmonary artery shows a small left pulmonary artery perfusing only the left upper lobe of the lung. No flow is seen in the left lower lobe. There is no left lower pulmonary artery.
 Chest radiograph of a tame cat before prednisone treatment of 3mg/day. A chest radiograph of a tame cat revealing ground-glass opacity in the bilateral upper lung fields.
 The inferior RV wall shows obvious bulging in a patient who was diagnosed with ARVC after satisfying ITFC.
 Left floor of orbit fracture in CT scan
 Radiographie thoracique de face montrant une double localisation apicale d’un kyste hydatique
 Postoperative lateral radiograph with well-placed mobile bearing.
 Bilateral pleural effusion on pre-treatment pulmonary tomogram.
 Left coronary artery-right anterior projection. It shows a non-acute spontaneous dissection at the proximal segment and distal margins of the obtuse marginal-II branch. It was not appropriate for percutaneous coronary intervention (case 2).
 CT scan showing bilateral prominent globe luxation with stretched optic nerve
 US examination Power Doppler of the proximal phalanx of the II finger, volar side. Inflammatory changes in the tendon sheath of the flexor muscle of the fingers. Joint effusion, synovial membrane hypertrophy and hyperaemia in PD.
 Panoramic radiograph showing lytic lesion with irregular margins involving complete body and ramus of the mandible
 Panoramic radiograph of the lesion.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing right thalamic bleed
 Initial panoramic radiography: retention of the upper right second premolar and upper right canine with increased pericoronal space, vertical impaction, and root dilaceration; root resorption of primary teeth; opacity of the right maxillary sinus.
 Chest radiograph showing bilateral ill-defined peripheral consolidation (arrows)
 Abdomen plain radiograph where a massive dilatation of caecum is present.
 CT image shows a well-circumscribed, minimally expansile lytic lesion in the right pedicle and adjacent transverse process of L5. Tiny densities (arrow) represented bony fragments from adjacent degenerated facet joint.
 Initial radiograph in a patient with anterior knee pain following fall onto left knee, showing bipartite patella with no bony abnormalities.
 Axial T2W MRI of the brain
 Sagittal magnetic resonance imaging revealing sacral tumour.
 Abdominal ultrasound (post-ERCP with stenting) showing multiple intraluminal stones in the gallbladder with thick biliary sludge and diffusely thickened wall. Biliary stent is seen with the visualized portion of distal CBD that also appears slightly dilated at the porta hepatis. Minimal central intrahepatic biliary dilatation is also seen. Status after splenectomy.
 Contrast venography depicting subclavian obstruction.
 Cranial computed tomography scan demonstrating osteolytic destruction of the left petrous bone extending into the jugular foramen and occipital condyle.
 Preoperative CT scan showing a liver laceration (large white arrow) and IV contrast extravasation in proximity to the laceration (small white arrow). The normally fluid filled gallbladder is not well seen here. The right kidney is also lacerated (black arrow). There is not a large haemoperitoneum.
 Magnetic resonance imaging on the thigh of an athlete with completely torn hamstring muscles and hematoma.
 Radiograph of Patient 1’s dislocated right thumb MCPJ on admission (lateral view)
 Case 2, before the operation. Winged scapula of idiopathic origin.
 Apical 4‐chamber view. Semiquantitative assessment of mitral regurgitation severity using vena contracta width (VC) in a dog with severe mitral regurgitation. Color Doppler at the level of the mitral valve during systole. The components of the regurgitant jet (flow convergence zone, vena contracta, jet turbulence) were obtained.
 X-ray chest showing raised left dome of the diaphragm
 Measurement of bone height gained from the postoperative panoramic X-rays. Total maxillary sinus elevation.
 An example of difference in GTV delineation between GTVCM (Red) and GTVCMP (Green)
 Chest radiograph showing ill-defined nodular opacities more prominent on left side
 Abdominal ultrasound.
 Axial T2 sequence shows hyper intense T2 signal in the central aspect of the thoracic spinal cord with several prominent intradural flow voids (arrow).
 Brain computed tomography scan showing right frontal acute epidural Haematoma
 Radiograph following postoperative fall demonstrating posterior dislocation.
 Noncontrast axial CT scan shows a linear radiodense FB (white arrow) in the upper dorsal esophagus. Note that laterally the FB is seen to extend into the wall of the esophagus. On endoscopy, it was found to be partially embedded within the wall of esophagus, with the presence of a small tear
 Apical four chamber view showing the thrombus (arrow) in the apex of the left ventricle.
 Hysterosalpingography (HSG) after surgery revealed an arcuate uterus with two cervical canal.
 Lumbar spine MRI T2WI axial view shows disc protrusion compressing the left S1 root.
 Axial contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) scan 3 cm caudal from the mamilla displaying the approximate depth of the 50% isodose from the CT-determined 9 MeV electron beam. In this 65-years-old non-cancer patient with previous heart disease, parts of the left ventricle would be exposed to unexpected doses of ionizing radiation.
 A representative magnetic resonance image of a GBM patient at initial diagnosis.
 Cardiac MRI demonstrating right sided “scimitar vein” (white arrow) draining into right atrial-hepatic vein.
 CECT scan chest of the patient showing a 5.6 × 2.1 × 6.0 cm mass in the anterior mediastinum suggestive of thymic hyperplasia
 Sclerotic margin without bony integration in the screw-bone contact area was observed in group A
 Cystoid macular edema on spectral domain-optical coherence tomography prior to dexamethasone implant
 Chest radiograph in a 10-year-old female with sarcoidosis showing hilar adenopathy.
 Terrible triad injuries may appear benign on plain radiographs.
 Radiograph showing cardiomegaly
 T1-weighted abdominal MRI in the axial plane demonstrating bilateral multiple renal masses of varying sizes and MR signal intensities.
 CT scan showing tumor at right maxillary region
 Chest X-ray. Features of right lung volume reduction with mediastinal shift to the right.
 Candidate lesion regions mask (blue) and the lesions (red) on a FLAIR image.
 Damage to the recurrent artery caused by the guide wire in a 72-year-old woman with a left vestibular Schwannoma. Resistance was felt to wire operation for sheath insertion, and fluoroscopy showed that it was caught in the recurrent artery in the elbow region. After repeated reinsertions, the wire was successfully inserted into the brachial artery, and the sheath could be inserted. Subsequent contrast showed extravasation (arrow) and a subcutaneous hematoma, but manual compression prevented the hematoma from expanding. Ultrasound scanning at a later date confirmed that there was no formation of pseudoaneurysm or arteriovenous fistula. The damage probably occurred when resistance was felt during insertion of the wire. This type of situation can be expected if the wire is forcibly inserted into the recurrent artery, and treatment must be applied to ensure that the hematoma does not become too large.
 Axial T2-Weighted fat sat magnetic resonance image (3 mm) demonstrating hypoplastic optic nerves (white arrows) bilaterally. Also note dilated occipital horns of the lateral ventricles (black arrows)
 Direct graphy of calcinosis.
 Barely visible distance from the summit to the subarachnoid of a 2-year old sibling. Magnified by the SonoSite zoom view.
 Showing Intraluminal Thrombus within Biliary Tree.
 CT scan of the 31 year adult male with cystic mass.
 Radiograph showing right lateral view of the abdomen. Note opaque distended urethra due to obstruction (arrow).
 21-year-old man with paraspinal extraskeletal Ewing sarcoma family of tumors.Sagittal T2-weighted, fat-saturated magnetic resonance imaging scan shows hyperintense, dumbbell-shaped, extradural tumor left of S1-3. Tumor was connected to extraspinal component through neural foramen (arrowheads).
  A transverse T2-weighted MRI of the skull base showing the lesion expressed as the region of high signal intensity in the left infratemporal fossa (red arrow). MRI, magnetic resonance imaging.
 A contrast-enhanced image of the ileus tube shows the normal small intestine.
 An area of high uptake conforming to the left adrenal gland is seen
 Massive ascites (white arrow) and Omental cake (red arrow).
 DSA – 9 months post–embolisation
 An epidurogram after the placement of the epidural catheter. Red arrow: The epidural catheter. Black arrow: Position documented using a contrast agent during fluoroscopy
 Perihilar consolidation and air bronchograms.
  Whole body PET/CT scan evaluated the involvement. A hypermetabolic mass in the left supraclavicular fossa involved the left lobe of the thyroid. The large primary tumor compressed adjacent organs such as oropharynx, hypopharynx, larynx, trachea, and esophagus. No other abnormal FDG uptake lesions were found.
 Computed tomography of chest showing an externally compressing mass (1) slit-like opening in left lower lobe bronchus lumen (2) and segmental collapse consolidation of left postero-basal lung (3)
 The infected region. Visible around instrumentation and left psoas muscle
 MRI of left hamstring avulsion (GM gluteus maximus, BC biceps femori, ST semitendinosus, SM semimembranosus)
 Computed tomography scan showing 43 mm abscess affecting the pancreatic head.
 Arterial phase of the computed tomography scan of the abdomen shows a hypervascularized area (arrows) in the pancreatic body.
 An axial scan of brain computed tomography with contrast enhancement demonstrates asymmetric dilated right lateral ventricle (white arrow).
 Intra-oral periapical showing horizontally impacted mandibular third molar.
 Computed tomography scan plain, axial section showing hypodense region compressing the temporal horn with bilateral subdural hygroma
 A computed tomography scan showing a right frontal extradural hematoma with contralateral extension and detachment of the sagittal longitudinal sinus
 Chest X-ray (PA view) showing homogenous rounded opacity in the left upper thorax produced by the ductal aneurysm, normal lung parenchyma, normal pulmonary blood flow, and there was no cardiomegaly. DAA-ductus arteriosus aneurysm
 Antero-posterior view of the ankle of the same specimen shown on Figure 4. The observers were asked to refer screw positioning related to screws number 1 and 2.
 X-ray of a gravid Snapping Turtle (Chelydra serpentina) captured in Virginia containing a metal pellet in its jaw.
 Non-refuxing ‘large’ right ovarian vein. Note ‘competent’ valve along main trunk and aberrant retroperitoneal branches
 CT abdomen demonstrating SBO with transition point in distal ileum.
 Heart ultrasound showing the misplacement of a central venous access device (white arrow) via the interatrial septum, the left atrium (LA), and the mitral valve up to left ventricle (LV) during echo bubble test.
 Preoperative CT angiography showing transection of right common carotid artery with surrounding haematoma and partial tear of right subclavian artery with thrombus overlying it.
 Chest radiographic showed normal aeration, and subcutaneous emphysema without pneumothorax or pulmonary infiltration.
 Radiograph of dislocated left hip.
 Gradient-echo-based MRI image from a patient with recurrent t-GCT (right knee). There was very low signal intensity corresponding to hemosiderin depositions anterior to the lateral meniscus, extending to the infrapatellar fat pad. Furthermore, there was a hemosiderin deposition in the recessus lateralis posterior to the lateral femoral condyle. These localizations corresponded to recurrent Dt-GCT, which was confirmed by surgical removal.
 Axial sections showing denture and surrounding gas locules.
  Subacromial impingement bursopathy. There is thickening of the SA‐SD bursa (arrowheads) which is confined to the superior recess over supraspinatus tendon (s) and spares the bursal recesses elsewhere. This distribution reflects the zone of compression and is characteristic of chronic impingement but does not alone predict symptoms. Other forms of inflammatory bursitis usually result in a more generalised distribution of bursal change. A small bursal effusion may also be seen in acute impingement episodes, but this finding is non‐specific as other causes also exist (e.g. inflammatory arthropathies, polymyalgia rheumatica, full‐thickness rotator cuff tear). g = greater humeral tuberosity. Image with permission from Atlas of Imaging in Sports Medicine 2e, McGraw‐Hill, Sydney, 2008.
 Preoperative OPT.
 Post operative x-ray in a patient treated with internal fixation (simfisiodesis).
 Panaromic view of bilateral agenesis of maxillary canines and mandibular central incisors
 Chest X-ray demonstrating multiple lung metastases of sarcoma and bilateral pneumothorax.
 CT scan of the thorax demonstrating "folded lung" or Blesovsky's syndrome in association with diffuse pleural thickening.
 CT scan of the chest showing various intraluminal filling defects-thrombi (T)-involving the main pulmonary artery (MPA), the left pulmonary artery (LPA), and the right branches of the right pulmonary artery (RPA). Ao: aorta.
 MRI head and neck with contrast showing T1 and T2 intramural high signal changes with loss of normal signal void in the right ICA (arrow).
 Radiograph of a patient with a complete AFF. Note the substantially transverse orientation of the fracture line at the lateral cortex, the medial spike and the generalized cortical thickening
 Measured diameters of areas of interest for attenuation.
 Ultrasonography showing soft tissue density with irregular contour in the endometrial cavity.
 Patient number 3. MRI, sagittal view of medulla. Note right vertebral artery compressing anterolateral medulla
 Digital subtraction angiography of the left common carotid artery demonstrating no significant tumor blush.
 Axial enhanced CT-image of the lower part of the chest (mediastinal window) shows small pleural effusion and an epiphrenic node at the right. Ascites and thickness of the right crus are also noticed.
 The feeding artery (arrow) enters the right lower lobe of the lung
 Noncontrast axial CT scan showing the presence of colpocephaly with septal agenesis
 Computed tomography identified a 40×45-mm enhanced mass in the right adrenal gland.
 Radiograph at presentation showing the femoral diaphyseal fracture.
 IOPA of maxillary left first molar (26)
 Intestinal transit showed a residual bowel length of 34 cm.
 Chest X ray (PA) view showing a large mediastinal mass occupying middle and lower zones of right chest and causing compressive atelectasis of middle lobe.
 Doppler of the myometrial placental junction showing a reduced flow at the time of diagnosis of intrauterine growth restriction.
 Diagnosis of coronary tortuosity.
 Red-free fundus photograph showing spontaneous contraction of posterior vitreous face and lifting of epiretinal membrane with healing of retinochoroiditis lesions
  99mTc-MDP bone scintigraphy. Posterior aspect.
 Retro-areolar abscess. Mediolateral (A) and craniocaudal (B) views of the breast show a retro-areolar abscess (arrows)
 The right kidney and ureter were not visualized on intravenous urography until 60 min. The left kidney and ureter revealed normal.
 Non-contrast brain computed tomography showing a hyperdense lesion (arrow) corresponding to thrombosis of the left middle cerebral artery.
 Post-contrast T1 fat saturated (FS) axial image of upper thigh shows irregular infiltrative margins of the malignant fibrous histiocytoma.
 Chest X-ray showing left-sided pleural effusion with a small apical pneumothorax indicative of a hemo-pneumothorax. Note subcutaneous air in left jugular region (arrow) and a small air-fluid level (arrowhead).
 Computed tomography. A 67-year-old male with SSA. Findings: soft tissue oedema of the chest seen retrosternally (marker A) and superficially on the left anterior chest (marker B) as well as evidence of mediastinal lymph node enlargement. Technique: contrast-enhanced axial CT of the neck and thorax.
 A 43-year-old female with history of ulceration of the left nipple and watery discharge for 2 years underwent biopsy of the nipple, which showed features of Paget’s disease. Mammogram of the left breast showed multiple pleomorphic calcifications in a segmental distribution, suggestive of DCIS. The patient underwent modified radical mastectomy
 Diminished flow in radial and ulnar arteries.
 Artériographie cérébrale du patient montrant une tumeur hypervasculaire alimentée par les deux artères carotides
 6 months postoperative X-ray of bilateral hip joint with pelvis showing 3 holed dynamic hip screw implant in situ with no articular changes.
 Computed tomography scan of head showing a heterogeneously enhancing 5 × 4.2 × 1.9 cm sized extradural lesion (arrow) along the left frontal bone and roof of the orbit on left side extending anteriorly
 Echocardiography showing reduced left ventricular systolic function (ejection fraction about 30% by Simpson)
 Extensive neck swelling with ulcerations and purulent discharge on 8-year-old spayed female Labrador retriever. Culture of the exudate and a macerated skin biopsy specimen grew methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
 Chest CT revealed pleural effusion and mediastinal lymphadenopathies.
 Initial computed tomogram chest showing a right hilar mass measuring 3.3 cm in its transverse diameter with a small right pleural effusion
 Magnetic resonance imaging of brain (axial view) showing a lobulated heterogeneous mass involving the medial left cerebellar hemisphere, measuring 4.0 × 3.5 × 2.5 cm associated with edema crossing the midline to the right cerebellar hemisphere, and compressing the fourth ventricle (the first case).
 Fracture and bilateral dislocation T6 on T7.
 Hyper dense mass that measures 4.4 cm × 3.7 cm
 IRM cérébrale en séquence de diffusion montre in infarctus de la branche profonde de l’artère sylvien gauche
 Computed tomography scan showing collapse of the right middle lobe due to obstruction of the right main bronchus
 Anteroposterior X-ray of pelvis showing the intrauterine device (arrowed).
 Characterization of blood flow in the human heart of a healthy volunteer during late diastolic inflow. Automatically detected vortex cores are shown as white isosurfaces and streamlines are traced around these isosurfaces to enhance the visualization. A (partial) vortex ring can be seen below the mitral valve (right in image) and the tricuspid valve (left in image). See also supplement additional file 4.
 Postoperative X-ray showing Arthroplasty implants in situ
 After transplantation and splinting.
 Acute arterial mesenteric ischemia Contrast-enhanced MDCT 2D reconstruction on axial plane shows thrombosis with impairment in the blood flow in the superior mesenteric artery (SMA).
 Angiography preembolization.
 CT findings of the abdominal mass in Case 1. The red arrow indicates the mixed density mass in the left abdomen. CT= computed tomography.
 CT bone window showing extensive scalloping of bone with papery thin lamina
 Sagittal oblique acquisition to incorporate the internal carotid artery (white arrow) and tumour.
 Coronal reformatted image from a CT scan of abdomen demonstrating a ‘clump’ of dilated central small bowel loops with serosal / peritoneal calcification in a patient with encapsulating peritoneal sclerosis. There is also a significant quantity of ascites.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showing acute ischemic infarct in the left superior division of middle cerebral artery territory
 Figure 1: X ray showing single air shadow
 CT axial image demonstrating extension of soft tissue from the nasopharynx on the left side.
 Sagittal T1-weighted MRI of lower neonatal spine shows dysmorphic conus medullaris and absence of sacrum and coccyx. (TSE T1, TR, 601; TE 12)
 Axial, non-enhanced CT scan shows the expansile and osteolytic nature of the lesion, with hyperdense areas within (arrows) signifying partial thrombosis
 Orthopantomogram demonstrating impacted 48 and soft tissue shadow
 MRI- coronal view showing a pre-coccygeal tumor
 Puntiform T2 hyperintense white matter lesions in a 40- year old woman with Susac’s syndrome. This patient also had sensorineural hypoacusia and bilateral retinal artery branch occlusions as part of the syndrome.
 Ductal carcinoma: Mediolateral (A) and craniocaudal (B) views show a well-defined lesion with lobulated margins (arrows)
 Axial T1 weighted with gadolinium of the pelvis. Hyperintense signal of ilium and sacrum on each side of the right sacroiliac joint and effusion (more noticeable at the anterior aspect of the sacroiliac joint) are typical of sacroiliitis.
 Positron emission tomography–computed tomography examination of metabolically active sternal tumor (white circle: maximum standardized uptake value of fluorine 18 fluorodeoxyglucose =3.5).
 The CT scan of the abdomen showed a thick walled lesion filled with fluid and small amount of gas closely related to proximal jejunum and mesentery.
 CTA examination showed occluded main PV (arrowhead) in a patient after LT. CTA = computed tomography angiography, PV = portal vein, LT = liver transplantation.
 Findings of abdominal magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP).MRCP image showing tapering of the gallbladder neck and cystic duct (arrow). The extrahepatic bile exhibits a V-shaped distortion (line) and the fundus of the gallbladder is displaced toward the abdominal center.
 Radiograph of the neck in the antero-posterior projection shows a large calcified mass in the submandibular region.
 50 y old patient with oro-/hypopharyngeal carcinoma; complete remission 6 weeks post completion of therapy.
 The distal anastomosis features of the regenerated nerve in high-frequency ultrasound.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing common extensor tendon lesion (arrow).
 " Vertically fixed tubes secondary to dense peritubal adhesions. Dense connective tissue causes the lack of tubal mobility. The hyperconvulated is seen in right tube and manifests a " cork screw" like appearance [arrows (32)].
 Cemented total hip arthroplasty left hip, with extensive osteolysis in bone cement interface.
 Abdominal CT scan of case I demonstrating a large (approximately 9×10 cm) inhomogeneous mass with an area of central necrosis.
 Distal stump of the peroneus brevis tendon (MRI sagittal view).
 Post craniotomy axial CT shows extensive hypodensity involving the gray and white matter of the left hemisphere with bleeding foci. Midline shift and uncal herniation is also seen.
 Angiography of the right renal artrery dorsal branch provided before the procedure showing the fistula with the aneurysm. Arterial phase.
 Sagittal T1-weighted magnetic resonance image with gadolinium showing a soft tissue mass with homogeneous enhancement.
 Whole-body MRI (T1WI+Gd) axial sacral slice, identified structure of increased signal intensity in close relation to the right sciatic nerve.
 Transvaginal, coronal sonogram showing the classic heart-shape with an intrauterine pregnancy with gestational sac in the right horn (see arrow).
 Portable X-ray image showing: Cervical vertebras in block, thoracic vertebras with irregular fusion resulting in severe scoliosis with hyperextension of the malformed cervicothoracic spine. Cardiothymic silhouette is visible with dextrocardia
 — Dysmorphic profile with long upperlip
 T2-weighted MR image of the lumbosacral sacral cord showed mild protrusion and signal changes at the L5-S1 intervertebral disc.
 The illustration of CT angiography of acute embolism in right iliofemoral artery (arrow).
 Coronal CT scan showing the osseous mass filling the left frontal sinus and extending into the right.
 Carotid angiography demonstrates large, tortuous dilated venous structures as well as large AVM
 Right Hahn-Steinthal Type 1 capitellum fracture, preoperative oblique radiograph.
 Coronal view with angio-MRI showing the typical "saltpepper" pattern of a CBT.
 High resolution computed tomography showing the state of the canal wall down mastoidectomy (white arrow) with new bone formation (asterisk) and severely atelectatic and adhesive ear drum in the left ear.
 The arrow shows the air-fluid level in the transplant kidney.
 Coronal STIR images reveal hyperintense signal in divisions and cords of brachial plexi bilaterally in a patient in postpartum period (10 days after delivery) suggestive of brachial plexitis
 23-year-old male with post-traumatic acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. Coronal T2-weighted image shows parasagittal high-signal intensity lesions with vasogenic edema in white matter of both hemispheres.
 CT scan of the chest. Axial view at the level of the aortic arch showing extensive surgical emphysema spreading anteroposteriorly in the subcutaneous tissues. There is also widespread pneumomediastinum around the trachea and the great vessels.
 Preoperative standing anterior-posterior radiographic study showing the anterior height of L2 vertebral was 56.7% compared to that of L3.
 Axial PET CT showing increased FDG uptake in the mesentery of the left upper quadrant suspicious for metastatic recurrence.
 Chest radiograph demonstrating foreign body.
 High resolution CT scan shows diffuse pulmonary involvement with ill-defined centrilobular nodules and branching lines (arrows), which correspond to tree-in-bud appearance.
 Volar ganglion cyst. Longitudinal ultrasound showing a well-defined anechoic structure at the palmar aspect of the carpus. Note a small stalk-like connection to the adjacent radiocarpal joint (arrow)
 MRCP in a child with cholecysto- and choledocholithiasis. Oblique coronal thick slab image of a bh 3-D TSE T2-W sequence shows multiple filling defects in the gallbladder neck (open arrow) and distal in the common bile duct (closed arrow). Furthermore, there is dilatation of the common bile duct and main hepatic ducts (arrowheads)
 Fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography avid thyroid nodule (arrowhead) with lymph nodes (star) and scapular metastasis (circle)
  Soft tissue asymmetry with thickening and enlargement of left-side pharynx and larynx as viewed on axial slice.
 Postero-anterior view showing two devices in situ.
 T2-weighted sagital magnetic resonance imaging showed an almost complete response based on the response evaluation criteria after the chemotherapy.
 Multiple abscesses in pelvic cavity.
 On-table angiogram showing right 4 × 5 cm saccular popliteal artery aneurysm prestent.
 Endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration of the pancreatic mass.
 Strength of the perforator evaluated using thermography: weak perforator – 1; average perforator – 2; dominant perforator – 3
 Radiation therapy planning; arrow shows endoscopically placed resolution clips as metallic densities on computed tomography scan
 The MTV was segmented using an AT-AIA in PETVCAR. AT-AIA = adaptive iterative algorithm, MTV = metabolic tumor volume, PETVCAR = positron emission tomography volume computerized assisted reporting.
 Computed tomography scan
 Selective angiogram before treatment.
 Later HSG demonstrates apparently unicornuate uterus with normal left fallopian tube
 Skull radiograph showing foreign body penetrating the hard palate through the open mouth.
 Incidental finding of dentigerous cystChest X-ray for tracheostomy placement demonstrating a 14-mm unilocular lucency in the left mandible at 13 months of age. The red arrow marks the cyst.
 Same patient in Figure 1 after insertion of Ultraflex stent to left main bronchus.
 Cranial ultrasound from the infant in our case showing severe hydrocephalus. There remains discussion among the treating physicians as to the cause of the findings. Possible explanations include posthemorrhagic hydrocephalus, hydrocephalus ex vacuo, or a large porencephalic cyst. Regardless of the etiology, long-term developmental disability is expected.
 Pseudoaneurysm on the right branch of the hepatic artery.
 Voiding cystourethrography shows no vesicoureteral reflux, mild trabeculation in bladder wall and vertebral deviation against affected side can be seen
 Axial CT: extension of infection in the buccal space and masticator space. Hollow arrow: hyperattenuation right retromaxillary fat pad. Small arrow: thickening masticator space musculature and obliteration of the fat planes.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging head, T2-weighted, axial view of a patient with convexity meningioma showing the perilesional edema. This edema may predispose to development of venous infarction in the postoperative period
 Ultrasound of pelvis of twin B at 2-month followup showing intact abdominal wall with full bladder (arrow).
 MRI of the chest, T2-weighted axial image shows hypointense mass (arrow) suggesting its fibrotic nature.
 Right craniocaudal image demonstrates a highly suspicious retroareolar mass which correlates to the palpable abnormality.
 Venoplasty was performed with strong support by placement of the Judkins Right 4 guiding catheter proximal to the stenotic site and passing the Grandslam guidewire down the left brachial vein.
 Computed tomography coronal view revealing a solitary, homogenous hypodense lesion of the right side maxilla encroaching onto right maxillary antrum as well as the right side of the nasal cavity
 Cauda equina notch sign was defined as a v-shaped image that entrapped cauda equina gathers (arrow) between lamina fractures.
 Abdominal X-ray in a patient with FCPD showing pancreatic calculi
 Computed tomography of the chest showing large mass with central hypodensity involving right upper lobe
 Circumaortic renal vein in 37-year-old female voluntary kidney donor. Curved coronal maximum intensity projection image shows preaortic (arrowhead) and retroaortic components (white arrow) of circumaortic left renal vein. Retroaortic component joins inferior vena cava at caudal level.
 CT of neck. Invading mass of the larynx with subglottic and intralaryngeal extension.
 Radiograph and CT images of right wrist showing Scapho-capitate syndrome.
 In contrast to the clinical picture, this Axial CT scan image, performed during an inadvertent Valsalva manoeuvre, shows only minimal left enophthalmos (highlighted by the broken lines).
 T2-weighted axial MRI image with contrast demonstrating an enlarged prostate with inhomogenous signal
 Parasternal long-axis view showing large pericardial effusion (arrow) and right ventricle collapse (asterisk). The D-shape of left ventricle was detected in diastole which was affected by respiratory variation.
 Complications of marginal ulceration. Axial images from IV-enhanced CT examination from a different patient demonstrate ulceration of the proximal jejunum (straight arrow) at the G-J anastomosis with adjacent collection of gas (curved arrow) compatible with contained perforation.
 Representative x-ray of a mouse femur after closed fracture and stabilisation by an intramedullary compression screw.
 Simple renal cyst, Bosniak category I. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows a smooth homogeneous simple cyst in the left kidney with no septations and an imperceptible wall.
 Case 1. Four hundred and four days postoperative Cavitation at base of head and further transformation.
 An axial section of the computed tomography scan fused with positron emission tomography. A right inferior lobe lung mass can be seen (A) and identified increased fluorodeoxyglucose uptake in the mandible bone (B).
 Computerised tomography showing the well circumscribed orbital tumour of mixed density with marked anterior displacement of the globe
 Needle placement using the anteroposterior subpedicular approach.
 A 43-year-old cirrhotic man with TIPS occlusion complicated with biliary fistula. Venogram through the right internal jugular access. Total occlusion was observed at the parenchymal segment of the TIPS tract (open arrow). Transjugular Intrahepatic Portosystemic Shunt-biliary fistula with contrast leakage to the common bile duct was delineated (black arrow).
 Orthopantomograph of subject showing 5 mandibularincisors and bone loss
 Sagittal CT image showing a distance of 8.1 mm from the cricoid cartilage to the third tracheal ring
 Alveolar thickness and height measurements. A representative cone-beam computed tomography image of the mandible through the coronal plane is shown. Bucc, Buccal; Ling, lingual.
 Radiograph of the type A1.2 T12 fracture in a 44-year-old male, seven years post injury, showing spondylosis at L2-L3 (indicated by arrows)
 Panoramic radiograph at age 8 years and 4 months (case 1). Dental follicles of permanent affected teeth have irregularly expanded (arrowheads).
 Confirmation the position of the catheter system by echocardiography. The position of catheter system, passing through the tricuspid valve, was confirmed by echocardiography in a four-chamber view. LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; RA, right atrium; RV, right ventricle.
 Computed tomography scan of axial views showing the lesion involving the left maxillary sinus
 Ortho scannogram showing postoperative alignment.
 A 34-year-old woman with progressive dementia (case 8). Axial T1-weighed MR image shows diffuse cerebral atrophy with prominent sulci and dilatation of the lateral ventricles.
 Initial CT showing an 11 x 5 cm intramural duodenal hematoma without any evidence of any pancreatic lesion.
 Coronal T2 weighted MRI demonstrating absence of the long head of the biceps tendon (blue arrow) and inferior labral tear (green arrow).
 Follow up radiographs showing union of the fibular graft with the radius.
 Panoramic view showing the two mesiodens in the anterior region of maxilla with unerupted left central incisor.
 Echocardiogram (left parasternal long axis view) showing the prolapse of posterior mitral leaflet and mitral regurgitation.
 Rounded lucencies seen within medastinal pleura surrounding the medastinal structures indicated by arrows
 Prominent filum terminale. Longitudinal ultrasonography in a 4-week-old girl shows prominent filum terminale (<1 mm) (arrow) at L5-S1.
 After left uterine artery embolization.
 44-year-old man with Hoffa's fat-pad inflamnation. Axial T2 fat-suppressed image of the knee shows high signal involving the posterior soft tissues of the knee joint, subcutaneous fat posteromedially, and suprapatellar fat pad. A small joint effusion is also present.
 Computed tomography scan shows the scapular lesion expanding into the surrounding muscles.
 Plain CT scan. Diffuse swelling is seen in the left iliopsoas muscle and there is a ring-like hypodense local swelling with a high-density rim noted in the left iliacus muscle.
 Abdominal CT scan showing massive splenic infarction in a child with sickle cell anemia.
 Chest x-ray showing a radiolucent column (green arrows) along the lateral aspect of the right neck where his CVC had been in the right internal jugular vein.
 Roadmap image obtained immediately after seal-off procedure in case no. 18. Single injection with 18G needle sheath (arrowheads) was performed to achieve complete seal-off. Glue cast (asterisk) was noted abutting swing segment of autogenous radiocephalic fistula. No residual extravasation or acute pseudoaneurysm was noted at rupture site (arrowhead). Access was followed-up for 42 days and was uneventful until end of this study.
 Repeat chest x- ray after 2 days showing rapid resolution of the edema.
 Noncontrast CT scan with 1.5 cm stone in right distal ureter and 1.1 cm stone at left ureteropelvic junction with associated hydronephrosis.
 SASD bursa effusion in a hemiplegic 62-year-old woman. Sonogram shows fluid collection in the SASD bursa (arrow).
 Post-procedural control injections showed that the right penile artery filling was very much slowed down (white arrow).
 Calcifications in basal ganglia on computed tomography
 69-year-old man with chronic diaphragmatic hernia. PA chest radiograph demonstrates a focal air collection (arrow) at the left lung base with adjacent pulmonary atelectasis (arrowheads).
 Upper abdominal X-ray showing the lost guidewire extending down the inferior vena cava on the right side of the abdomen.
 Posteroanterior chest radiograph.
 Echocardiography shows the left ventricle in systolic phase revealing severe dysfunction of the apex (red arrows) and hyperdynamic contraction of basal segments (green arrows).
 CT scans after the treatment. CT scans shows the distribution of cement inside the cavity created into the lesion.
 T2A magnetic resonance imaging from the axial plane. Intramural duodenal hematoma adjacent to the pancreas head (red arrow heads). Duodenal lumen appears to be pushed forward due to the hematoma with significant narrowing of its lumen (white arrows). Common bile duct (blue arrow) and pancreatic duct (yellow arrow) are dilated due to pressure caused by the hematoma.
 Comparison of fluorocoxib B uptake with that of LM4752. The same protocol was followed as described in Figure 23. Reproduced with permission from ref (106). 2010. American Association for Cancer Research.
 Thymic lymphoid hyperplasia in a 41-year-old woman with clinical diagnosis of myasthenia gravis. Non-contrast-enhanced CT scan shows an enlarged thymic gland (arrows) without mass effect on adjacent structures
 The sonographic image showed the greatest longitudinal tear along the long axis of the rotator cuff tendon and muscle in the modified Crass position. The tear size was measured by the greatest longitudinal tear length (red line) in several longitudinal sections of rotator cuff
 Percutaneous Transhepatic Cholangiogram with wire traversing into the distal common bile duct orifice. Note duodenum filling with contrast.
 Empty uterus with gestational sac (GS) in cervix.
 Red arrow shows pulmonary vein thrombosis.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram, apical four chamber view, demonstrating a posteriorly directed regurgitant jet by color flow Doppler (arrow). LV – left ventricle, LA – left atrium.
 High resolution computed tomography lung window showing randomly distributed nodules and fibrosis
 No contrast is seen in the abdominal viscera.
 Periapical radiograph immediately after implant installation
 Axial slice triple contrast chest/abdominal CT showing mediastinal free air (arrows) and subcutaneous emphysema on the left.
 T4 lesion T4 lesion, with mass seen to invade aortic wall (hypoechoic aorta seen at 6 o'clock, normal five layered oesophageal wall replaced by mass)
 Obturation X-ray
 Computerized tomography scan showing thicken gallbladder wall and heterogeneous, hyperdense mass within the lumen
 Post-treatment cephalogram showing the skeletal corrections
 Computed tomography scan of thoracic esophageal tumor growing in the middle portion of the mediastinum at the time when the patient suffered from severe dysphagia
  Postoperative computed tomography scan after revision posterior fusion and anterior corpectomy with placement of iliac crest allograft.
 Cortex penetrated at the level of the greater trochanter.
 Chest roentgenogram showing innumerable bubbles outlining the stomach in a mottled distribution (arrow).
 The lesion at the onset of sampling.
 Irregular enhancing soft tissue mass in pons with surrounding edema
 Sagittal computed tomography of the cervical medullary junction and spine showing subarachnoid hemorrhage extending inferiorly
 Postoperative 3D CT images after anterior debridement, L1 corpectomy, decompression, interposition of autologous rib graft, and posterior instrumentation of T8–L4. CT = computed tomography.
 Postero-anterior view of myelogram. The contrast medium stops completely at C7/T1 disc level.
 Femoral bone cyst – 3 months after injection
 Arteriography after the pseudoaneurysm embolization showing the coils and both collecting systems.
 A postoperative radiograph of the acetabulum. Anterior and posterior plate fixation is performed.
 see attached jpeg file named "XRay 2".
 Transesophageal echocardiography∗ revealed left sinus of Valsalva aneurysm with thrombus within it causing RVOT obstruction. ∗Aortic valve long-axis view at midesophageal level.
 Weight-bearing AP radiograph of knee.
 Transesophageal echocardiography image of right atrial cystic mass. The arrow shows heterogeneous mass in right atrium. LA, left atrium; SVC, superior vena cava.
 Sagittal reconstruction of a CT scan showing a massive polyp protruding toward the nasopharynx and oropharynx, causing significant narrowing of the lumen of the air passage (arrow).
 B scan ultrasound picture showing the normal round hypoechoic area of optic nerve (white arrow) with a hypoechoic crescent shaped area (red arrow) depicting “crescent” or “doughnut” sign.
 Axial T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging shows enhancement of the capsule.
 The agitated saline contrast echocardiography at rest showed only a few microbubbles appearing in the left heart after 9 cardiac cycles from the onset of right heart opacification.
 (A) CT coronal reconstruction, solitary bone plasmacytoma of C2 after treatment, (B) CT coronal reconstruction, new focus in another location confirming MM.
 Abdominal contrast-enhanced CT shows multiple hypodense lesions in the spleen (black arrows). All these lesions are triangular with their broadest base on the periphery of the spleen
 Axial view of the chest, soft tissue-windowing.The exiting contrast medium can very well be seen in the dehiscent sternum, directly posterior to the sternal skin clips (white arrow).
 Abdomino-pelvic computed tomography scan: A pyelo-calyceal dilatation (arrow) with continuous obstruction of the distal portion of the right ureter
 The appearance of extravasation of contrast material clearing into the right ventricle in coronary angiogram
 Ultrasound of the abdomen demonstrating a bowel related mass lesion in the epigastric region.
 CT scout image demonstrates a dilated cecum in the right upper quadrant producing the classic ”coffee bean“ sign (white arrow). There are multiple dilated loops of small bowel present centrally within the abdomen with a paucity of gas in the distal colon (black arrow) suggestive of a complete intestinal obstruction. This patient had spinal instrumentation consistent with her previous history of spine surgery.
 Unusual GEV supply. 52-year-old man with type 1 GEVs. Splenoportal venogram performed during TIPS creation illustrates GEV inflow from PGV (black arrowheads) and SGV (white arrowheads).
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the patient. No olfactory bulb was apparent (arrow) and the pituitary gland was relatively small.
 MRI showing the tumor's relationship to the ureter
 Ultrasonogram of vascular hamartoma of the liver. Ultrasonogram of the liver of a six-year-old Swiss Braunvieh cow showing many dilated liver veins within a vascular hamartoma. The image was obtained from the 11th intercostal space using a 5.0 MHz convex transducer. 1 Lateral abdominal wall, 2 Liver, 3 Dilated liver veins, Ds Dorsal, Vt Ventral.
 Chest radiograph in an infant with fever and respiratory distress shows features of bronchiolitis as hyperinflated lung fields and fine linear opacities due to atelectasis
 X-ray at age six, with correction of clinodactyly and epiphysiodesis allowing the control of index finger overgrowth.
 Traction sutures with a clip close to the esophageal pouches
 Panoramic photograph
  Chest X-ray showing malfunctioning ICD lead 14 years after implantation.
 Axial chest computed tomography showing mitral annular calcification. This incidental finding was not mentioned in the original report.
 Bile duct cancer with recurrence after insertion of stent, bile ducts visible after cholangiography, obturated part visible as a break, French 5 brachytherapy catheter with radio-opaque wire inside, irradiated length has 5 cm (3 cm of obturation and a margin of 1 cm distally and proximally)
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography of the chest revealing pleural fluid accumulation in both pleural cavities. The occurrence of lung parenchyma is normal.
 Axial CT without contrast on presentation demonstrating erosion of the anterior and posterior tables of the frontal sinus (arrows), frontal sinus opacification (arrowhead), and soft tissue swelling of the forehead.
 Postchest drain insertion high-resolution CT (lung apices).
 73-year-old female with spindle-cell sarcoma. Followup MRI examination 18 months after initial presentation. Axial STIR fat-suppressed image of the left knee shows a large ill-defined infiltrative soft-tissue mass centered in the popliteal fossa with invasion of the neurovascular bundle (arrow) consistent with a soft-tissue sarcoma. The lesion shows intermediate-increased signal on the STIR images. Note marked interval enlargement of the lesion since the initial MRI examination (Figure 1A, Figure 1B, Figure 1C, Figure 1D).
 ERCP showing blunt ending of the main pancreatic duct in the tail of the pancreas, indicating mass effect or thrombus from the adjacent pseudoaneurysm of the splenic artery eroding into the pancreatic duct.
 Lateral plain radiograph of right hand
 Postoperative orthopantomogram revealing good bone fill in the treatedareas (arrows)
 28-year-old man with needle embolism. Axial image from pulmonary embolism protocol CT of the chest in bone windows (WL/WW 300/1500) demonstrates a linear radiodensity within an irregular consolidation in the peripheral right middle lobe (arrow).
 Active tendovaginitis with tendinitis of the extensor carpi ulnaris
 Panoramic radiograph showing multioculated osteolytic lesions involving the jaw.
 CT scan showing diffuse homogenous enlargement of pancreatic parenchyma (large arrow) with regional nodal disease (small arrow)
 Right hydronephrosis.
 Chest X-Ray PA View Showing Calcific Left Ventricular Aneurysm (Arrows) and Features of Mitral Stenosis.
 CT scan depicting perirectal stranding without definite abscess formation.
 A 15-year-old boy with a perirectal abscess secondary to Crohn's disease.
 HRCT Thorax: Showing-relatively normal upper lobes
 AO arises from LV.
 Contrast-enhanced abdominal computed tomography demonstrates air in portal vein (black arrow).
 Measurement of subcutaneous fat by ultrasound
 Abdominal CT scan showing extensive thrombus formation at presentation. Lack of opacification of the segmental portal vein after contrast injection indicates recent thrombosis.
 Renal ultrasonogram showing hyperechogenic areas in the medulla of the right kidney, indicating medullary nephrocalcinosis.
 Somatostatin receptor scintigraphy image demonstrating radiotracer uptake in multiple liver metastases.
 Abdominal X-ray of the 48-year-old male with Ogilvie syndrome.
 DWI showing restricted diffusion in the hippocampal and parahippocampal gyri more prominent on the left
 The retrieved catheter fragments
 The patient's cerebral angiogram before the coiling procedure.
 Post-contrast sagittal 3D MIP of the abdomen showing the enhanced uretero-vesicular junctions and the ureteral washout
 Postoperative OPG (8th week)
 Renal angiomyolipoma. Sagittal reformatted image of contrast enhanced computed tomography shows a fat attenuation lesion (black arrow) in the posterior interpolar region of the left kidney. Note the prominent vascular component (arrow head) in the lesion.
 MRI scan of pituitary fossa 7 months after completing 1 year ATT.
 One-year postoperative lateral radiograph of the left hand.
 Abdominal CT scan revealing thickening of the distal esophagus.
 Sonographic image of the palpable hyperechoic breast mass.
 Preoperative radiographic measurement.(A) CL, (B) C2–7 SVA, (C) T1S, (D) TIA, (E) NT.
 CT showed multiple small lesions (arrows) in both lobes of the liver.
 Type II: Pseudo articulated styloid process
  Postoperative findings. The coronal view of the enhanced CT revealed the recovery of gastric volvulus after surgery.
 Computed tomographic scan showing an intrahepatic subcapsular fluid collection in the left lobe about 5 cm in diameter with air inside.
 Tendinopathy. Longitudinal USG shows Achilles tendinopathy with intrasubstance cystic degeneration (arrow)
 Retroperitoneal drain following enhanced “step-up” percutaneous necrosectomy in same patient as in Figure 1.
 Cross-sectional view of the isolated SMA dissection (arrow) on CT angiogram.
 Detail view of lateral radiograph shows multiple retained acupuncture needles in the soft tissues of the posterior torso. These needle fragments lie mostly along two main acupuncture meridians along the back. [Powerpoint Slide]
 X-rays indicated a well-defined unilocular radiotrasparency with radiopaque margins extending from the central incisor to the molar area. No signs of displacement of the roots were observed
 CT findings of ROCLC. CT image of a post-coital patient who presented with persistent abdominal pain for a period of half a day; HCG test was negative. Long single arrow indicates a homogenous low-density cystic shadow
 The illustration of echocardiogram of huge thrombi in left ventricle apex (arrow). LV, left ventricle; LA, left atrium.
 CT on day 11, 4 days post a left-sided hemicraniectomy. An EVD catheter in situ in the right hemisphere. There is a left-sided epidural expansive mass adjacent to the duraplasty (artificial membrane) causing a severe midline-shift.
 Upper gastrointestinal image showed the ulcerative tumor in the third portion of the duodenum narrowing the lumen.
 Contrast CT demonstrates a large polypoidal mass (arrows) along the lesser curvature of the stomach with a smooth outer gastric wall and the absence of perigastric stranding signifying T2 gastric carcinoma.
 Postoperative CT scan (coronal plane) to the same patient of figure 2. The maxillary sinus (A) and the anterior ethmoid (arrowheads) are perfectly ventilated trough the middle meatal antrostomy (mma) associated to anterior ethmoidectomy, made by functional endoscopy sinus surgery.
 Volume-rendered image illustrating early branching of the left renal artery (white arrow) where the renal artery branches within 1.5 cm from the ostium. The right kidney presents an inferior polar accessory artery (arrowhead)
 A 35-year-old male with fat-saturated T1-weighted image showing a lesion abutting the right atrium that is isointense to the surrounding muscle.
 Chest CT scan.A soft tissue mass in the left supraclavicular region consistent with metastatic lymph node (yellow arrow).
 Thoracic CT image.
 Computed tomography scan of thorax demonstrating a right hilar mass (red arrow)
 Axial contrast-enhanced computed tomography through the liver shows intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation (arrows) due to an infiltrative mass in the liver (M) that was confirmed to be a cholangiocarcinoma.
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance image shows the thin strip of white matter of the lamina rostralis (arrowhead). This separates the anterior interhemispheric cistern (lower arrow) from the space between the leaves of the septum pellucidum (upper arrow) as well as the floor of the frontal horns in the mature brain.
 Gastric band dysfunction after VBG, resulting in a widening of the outflow from small gastric pouch into the distal part of the stomach. Gastric lumen’s width at the location of band measured 11 mm (between arrowheads) and was comparable to the width of the gastric cardia during its relaxation. A body mass re-growth was clinically observed.
 A computed tomography scan identifies a distal pancreatic lesion.
 Chest X-ray shows a lesion in the 7th left rib.
 Sagittal T2W image shows cord swelling and central cord hyperintensity (arrows).Vertebral marrow hyperintensity is also noted (arrowheads)
 Intraoperative image during left laparoscopic radical nephrectomy. View of cephalad (left) and caudad (right) aspect of IVC; kidney (out of frame) is located towards top of image. Left gonadal vein drains into the left-sided IVC. Two of the 3 left renal veins are noted. Bridging vein between the main renal vein and gonadal vein is noted.
 Case 1: CT scan revealing extensive bilateral pleural effusion.
 A 26-week fetus with ventricular septal defect. Fetal CMR B-TFE four-chamber view image shows the perimembranous ventricular septal defect (arrow)
 Chest CT of a cervical intrathoracic nodule. Chest CT revealing a cervical intrathoracic nodule, about 1 cm in diameter, in close contact with the thymus gland.
 The computed tomography (CT) of the submental area showing a semitransparent cystic formation with distinct boundaries.
 Axial T1-weighted MRI, showing a hypoattenuating hepatic lesion.
 Axial T1 weighted image of the thymus of an antiretroviral treated hazardous drinker. The mediastinum largely consists of high intensity fat, with a small thymus (black arrow).
  CT scan shows left abdominal flank bulging accompanied by abdominal muscle thinning, and no evident of abdominal facial defect and bowel hernia (white arrow).
 64-year-old man diagnosed with extragonadal germ cell tumor. Axial post-contrast CT image of the extragonadal germ cell tumor shows a solid mass encircling aorta with speckled calcification in the para-aortic region (arrows). Tumoral mass lesion contains cystic portion (arrowheads).
 Frontal view of CT Pelvis & Lower extremities demonstrating subcutaneous gas tracking along fascial planes of left leg and into hemipelvis Courtesy of https://emrems.com/2013/04/06/necrotizing-fasciitis-2/
 Transverse view of CT aortogram, showing compression of IVC (arrow).
 Periapical X-ray immediately after loading.
 Fluoroscopic image showing intravascular injection of the nonionic contrast media (iohexol, Omnipaque®).
 16-year-old woman with presumptive Mesalamine-induced eosinophilic pneumonia. At time of presentation, axial contrast enhanced chest CT at the level just below the carina shows bilateral peripherally located areas of consolidation with air-bronchograms. The more central lung areas are free of the process.
 Midsagittal T1-weighted MRI of the brain shows herniation of the cerebellar tonsil 7 mm below the foramen magnum.
 Pre endoscopic treatment; 3 mm axial MPR reformat through the minor papilla. The stone (arrow) is clearly visible in the ampulla of the accessory pancreatic duct.
 Case 1 in which the final radiology report noted a ‘tiny residual left apical pneumothorax.’ This pneumothorax was not detected after concluding the RTMUS exam.
 Radiographic findings of a 39-year-old woman. A preoperative radiograph showing acetabular dysplasia of the right hip.
 Axial magnetic resonance imaging of case 1 revealed a mass measuring 2.3×0.5 cm (arrow). It enclosed and adhered to the optic nerve.
 Proton density show increasing intraligamentous signal intensity of the Anterior cruciate ligament over the left knee
 A 3-dimensional model of the pelvis illustrates the most common sites of apophyseal avulsion injury in adolescents, depicted in blue. Less common sites of apophyseal avulsion are indicated in red.
 A 20-year-old woman without a personal or family history fulfilling the Curacao criteria was admitted for cerebral transient ischemic attack; after complete clinical and paraclinical investigations the only abnormality found was paradoxical emboli through a small pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (PAVM). Maximal intensity projection MDCT showing the feeding artery (2), the aneurism, and the draining vein of a simple unique lower right lobe PAVM. The feeding artery is smaller than 3 mm; nevertheless, it had a clinical impact
 Abdominal x-ray showing dilated small bowel loops and severe osteoarthritis changes in both hips.
 CT scan of thorax (June 2013) showing single large cavitary lesion in lower-right lobe with satellite nodules
 Retroperitoneal abscess several years after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Bright area in center of abscess represents "spilled" gallstones that were removed during abscess drainage.
 The posterior-anterior view shows a minimal scoliotic deviation of 16 degrees Cobb. On the left side, latero-somatic, a L3-L5 non-segmented bar is suggested
 Obstruction of the afferent loop (Percutaneous transhepatic cholangiography).
 A preoperative axial computed tomography discogram image shows L4-5 facets with minimal arthrosis and previous laminectomy defect.
 Magnetic resonance angiography of pulmonary vessels showing similar complete obstruction of the left pulmonary artery seen on computed tomography chest (arrows)
 Post-treatment FFA of Case 1, showing decrease in intensity of leakage and RPE atrophy following PDT
 Axial T2W MRI of the brain shows the typical ‘molar-tooth’ configuration of the superior cerebellar peduncles, with a hypoplastic cerebellar vermis
 Prostate SBRT: treatment planning axial computed tomography images demonstrating the prostate (red line), prostatic urethra (yellow), and rectum (green line). Isodose lines shown as follows: 115% of the prescription dose, maroon line; 100% of the prescription dose, light blue line: 75% of the prescription dose, orange line; and 35% of the prescription dose, green line.
 Coronal view computed tomographic scan revealing hematoma within the rectus sheath (arrow).
 Splenoma (arrow)
 Chest X-ray after massive aspiration (on mechanical ventilation)
 Axial view MRI showing multiple cysts with hyperintense T2 weighed images
 Scanner abdominal coupe longitudinale densification mésentérique et infiltration de la racine du mésentère
 Ultrasound right nipple: suspect galactophoric dilatation of the right supero-external quadrant.
 Intraoperative ultrasound showing an 8 mm hypoechoic lesion identified within the subcutaneous tissues of an area of generally increase 18F-FDG activity within the anterior lower one-third of the left thigh region.
 Orbital MRI showing a mild enhancement of the posterior half of the right optic nerve sheath (white arrow) and a dark signal focus of medial rectus muscle near the right orbit apex in Case 3.
 Two-dimensional echocardiography, showing the orifice of the pseudoaneurysm near the mitral valve sewing ring (arrow) and the pseudoaneurysm (asterisk)
 Ascending aortic dissection. Transthoracic echocardiogram in index case depicting dissection in proximal ascending aorta.
 Radiograph of left leg of patient with Clostridium tetani infection, showing delayed bone consolidation 11 months after fracture.
 Passage of a guidewire through introducer after extraction of the atrial catheter.
 Contrast CT showing a large left-sided adrenal mass with some heterogeneous enhancement and an irregular central cavity probably due to necrosis.
 MRI brain. Sagittal T1 image showing the pathognomonic central callosal "holes" (microinfarcts) of SS. These residual "holes" (and sometimes, "spokes") develop as the acute callosal changes resolve.
 Postoperative OPG
 Mammography shows relatively well demarcated and calcified mass with speculated margin.
 Axial cut of the lower left arch showing a curved line drawn through the adjacent teeth roots to produce a panoramic view.
 X-ray cervical spine showing partial extrusion of implant and a loose screw
 The cross section of the abdominal wall at the level of the tendinous intersection in the rectus abdominis muscle (bigger arrow pointed downwards). The smaller arrows indicate the fascia – peritoneum complex
 Cystic cavernous angiomas. Axial gadolinium enhanced T1-weighted MRI.
 Preoperative anteroposterior radiographs of a 69-year-old female revealing a fixed but malpositioned acetabular component (uncemented).
 Sonographic findings of the affected testicle: solid nodule 2.5 × 1.7 cm embedded within the testicle and no involvement of the tunica albuginea and epididymis.
 Type I hydatid cyst of the liver in a 42-year-old woman. At US examination of liver, the cyst wall is seen as double echogenic lines separated by a hypoechoic layer (the double-line sign) (small white arrows). This finding helps to differentiate hydatid cysts from simple cysts, cystic tumors, pseudocysts or metastases.
 Patient 2: panoramic radiograph (from 2012) taken two years after the last implant had been inserted. The treatment has been performed by Chief Surgeon Nils Worsaae. The radiograph demonstrates that the destruction of teeth caused by virus attack on all left-sided maxillary peripheral nerves (illustrated in Figure 1) and on the left mandibular incisor nerve (marked red in Figure 1) has stopped. Also, the condition around the filling in the left mandibular canine is unchanged since 2004 (Figure 8).
 Image of a CT slice which confirmed superior mesenteric artery thrombosis (white circle) and resultant ischemia without contrast enhancement of the bowel wall (red arrow). For comparison there are some bowel loops with contrast enhancement of the bowel wall visible in the upper left part of the image.
 Contrast TEE during the Valsalva maneuver. Contrast agent in the left atrium.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (bilateral knees, T1-weighted images, coronal view) showing areas and serpiginous rims of low signal intensity in the femurs, tibiae and patellas, characteristic of osteonecrosis.
 Axial computed tomography section of the neck indicating position of the missile on the lateral aspect of the cervical vertebrae and fluid in the left maxillary sinus.
 Right coronary artery (RCA) in 60 degree LAO position (45 months, pre-operative coronary angiography). White arrow = atypical vessels in the interatrial septum
  Preoperative MRI, T1 with contrast, showing an ethmoid mass extending through the cribriform intracranially. Dimensions 3.9 × 1.9 × 2.4 cm.
 Admission chest radiograph showing right hydropneumothorax and stable left pleural effusion.
 The CT angiography revealing a well‐defined filling defect with partial occlusion (arrows) within the right inferior pulmonary vein. Cardiac chambers are labelled.
 Contrast-enhanced CT image at 10 days after third operation shows that the abscess in the submandibular and sublingual space is almost dissolved.
 Hoyeraal-Hreidarsson Syndrome. Cerebellar hypoplasia in a Sardinian 6-month-old male with T+B-NK- SCID; missense mutation of DKC1 gene encoding dyskerin (X-linked Hoyeraal-Hreidarsson syndrome).
 X-ray images from four directions to confirm bone union. Oblique radiograph at 45° internal rotation.
 Calcified plaque (white arrow) in the left deep femoral artery (adjusted window width view to clarify the bone and calcified plaque).
 Pulmonary angiography on a patient with PPH showing dilatation of the pulmonary arteries and pruning of the peripheral vessels
 X-ray performed one week 1 after first operation (the patient complained against dysfagia) showing superior hardware dislocation (pull out the cranial screws with anterior removal of C3 body).
 Extracranial meningioma. Axial non-contrast CT shows dense amorphous calcification in an extracranial meningioma in the right carotid space (solid arrow) displacing, but not eroding the right styloid process (dashed arrow)
 Intraoral, periapical radiograph showing decayed mandibular second molar next to impacted third molar
 In this 48-year-old male patient with left-sided brachial plexus neuritis, coronal three-dimensional Short Tau Inversion Recovery Sampling Perfection with Application optimised Contrasts using varying flip angle Evolutions image shows hyperintense signal in the left brachial plexus as compared to right side
 Chest X-ray revealed a large well-defined opacity in the right mid and lower zone
 Anterior segment OCT image of an iStent Supra in situ with fluid in the suprachoroidal space
 October 2005 (CT Thorax): Resolution of areas of consolidation and "signet ring sign". The signet ring sign is a finding seen on CT scans of the thorax. It consists of a small circle of soft tissue attenuation that abuts a ring of soft tissue attenuation surrounding a larger low attenuating circle of air and is indicative of bronchiectasis.
 Intravenous urography showing absent left kidney and opacification of blind-ending, lower left ureter, with contrast (arrow)
 Pulmonic valve vegetation seen on TEE (red arrows).
 Sagittal CT reconstruction showing the coeliac axis (C) and superior mesenteric artery (S); The typical shape of the coeliac axis as it passes under the median arcuate ligament is marked by the arrow.
 Pyelogram showing right kidney silence.
 Basal Short-Axis SSFP image in end-systolic phase showing leftward septal displacement.
 Leakage on FA at the inferior area of retina of the right eye with retinal ischemia and vascular irregularity at 5:20 min of FA.
 CT scan of the hip. CT scan without contrast medium of the hip and proximal femur demonstrating calcified femoral artery and big surrounding hematoma. Arrow: hematoma around femoral artery.
 Coronary angiogram (left), revealing occlusion of the right coronary artery (black arrow). Coronary spasm is relieved (right).
 Final coronary angiogram after removing the guidewire showing the disappearance of focal stenoses at both stents edges. The restoration of proximal and mid segmental tortuosity resolved completely the newly developed lesions.
 Axial computed tomography image demonstrating measurement technique of the coracoid index.
 Sixty-six-year-old man with nodular mucosal changes (arrow) of the mid esophagus shown by double contrast esophagography that proved to be squamous cell carcinoma.
 A representative coronal computed tomography scan section depicting the C1 pedicle.
 Percutaneous replacement tube - Button -
 Pelvic MRI: A sagittal view showing the retrorectal cyst (white arrow).
 IRM névrite du nerf optique (SEP)
 RPA: Right pulmonary artery, RPV: Right pulmonary vein, LA: Left atrium.
 Coronal image – Collection compressing the normal patent vagina on right side (open arrow)
 Fluoroscopic View of Pacing LeadLV, Left Ventricle; RV, Right Ventricle; RA, Right AtriumThe white arrow indicates pacemaker lead tip in the LV.
 Axial T1 magnetic resonance imaging with contrast showing 4th ventricular hemangioblastomas 2 years prior to presentation
 CT Abdomen showing pancreatitis with diffuse peripancreatic edema.
 Significant improvement in bone quantity and a reduction in the separation of teeth 24 and 25 are evident on the 6-month posttreatment radiograph.
 Retrograde urethrogram showing multiple, contrast-filled, narrow, irregular, fistulous tracts (black arrows) arising from the pendulous part of the anterior urethra with significant distortion and irregular, beaded narrowing. The proximal segment of the pendulous part of the anterior urethra shows smooth and regular dilation (white arrow). The distorted external urethral meatus (asterix) was identified by asking the patient to micturate to observe the main stream of urine.
 Panoramic radiograph is showing unerupted teeth and supernumerary teeth (marked with arrows) (Case 1).
 A cystic renal mass (arrow) at the left kidney upper pole, 6.2 cm in size with multiseptation, showing irregular wall thickening, heterogeneous attenuation, and soft tissue infiltration.
 Chest roentgenogram (postero-anterior) view shows a thick-walled cavity with a wavy meniscus involving the lingula.
 Pulmonary artery angiogram showing muliple right pulmonary artery stenoses in a patient with tetralogy of Fallot
 X-rays showing B/L upper and middle zone acinar opacities
 A 4-chamber view showing normal right atrium (RA), normal right ventricle (RV), normal left atrium (LA), and normal left ventricle (LV) 6 months after adenotonsillectomy.
 Image obtained using intracardiac echocardiography (ICE): Demonstrating a large interatrial aneurysm (arrow) billowing into the right atrium (RA) with an excursion of over 22 mm.
 Right ovarian solid mass.
 PET-CT of whole body shows two right and one left small hypermetabolic nodal lesions in the upper jugulodigastric area (black arrows). They are reactive in nature, otherwise negative scan.
 Abdominal and Pelvic CT showing bilateral hydronephrosis.
 Magnetic resonance imaging.
 Real-time biopsy with needle (red arrow) inside tumor
 Thymic cyst in a 14-year-old boy treated for Hodgkin’s lymphoma. CECT axial section reveals a small well-defined fluid-attenuating lesion (arrow) suggestive of cyst in the thymus.
 Ultrasongram showing a 4.4 × 2.6 cm, well-defined solid mass (arrow) in the middle upper quadrant of the right abdominal cavity.
 Radiograph of the left knee showing quadriceps rupture.
 Coronal 20 minute excretory urogram shows a lobulated soft tissue mass (urothelial carcinoma) casting the left kidney upper pole calices (straight arrow).
 Gastrografin radiographic examination shows leakage from the top of the ileal pouch (white arrow) to the spinal canal at the L5–S1 level, forming a spinal epidural abscess (white arrowheads)
 Pretreatment orthopantomography.
 Hypermetabolic activity (SUVmax: 9.9) was shown by positron emission tomography.
 Coronal contrast-enhanced, T1-weighted magnetic resonance image of the peroneus longus ganglion cyst.
 Fluoroscopic image of a double pigtail stent deployed into the pancreatic fluid collection.
 PET/CT image shows a recurrent rectal tumor as a hot spot (arrow) just anterior to the presacral fascia
 Transthoracic echocardiogram (subcostal view) showing secundum atrial septal defects with left to right shunt.
 Patient 1. Brain magnetic resonance scan showing the extra-axial enhancing lobulated mass lesion with destructive bony changes in the right frontal bone (arrows).
 Computed tomography (CT) of chest showing pericardial effusion with pericardial thickening.
 Coronal view shows the thick-walled appendix with stranding (short arrows). An appendicolith is clearly seen (long arrow).
 CT scan of the abdomen shows a cystic lesion in the kidney
 CT angiogram showing acute pulmonary thrombus involving the right and left pulmonary arteries with nonvisualization of their branches (marked by red color arrows)
 Cystic appearance to left lung with elevated hemidiaphragm.
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan showing a torn acromioclavicular joint intraarticular disc with effusion in the joint
 Digital representation of the method used to align the jig and guide onto a true-to-size printed postoperative lateral radiograph.The alignment jig/saw guide was aligned with the long axis of the tibia using the proximal and distal jig pin holes. The saw guide was then positioned to achieve the best fit over the osteotomy by angling the jig arms (see Fig 3). The widest offset along the radial osteotomy between the actual and saw guide osteotomy position was recorded (≤1 mm = excellent; ≤2 mm = good; ≤3 mm = satisfactory; >3 mm = poor).
 Large superior mediastinal abscess with multiple air pockets on CT scan.
 Fluoroscopic image obtained during video urodynamics confirming extravasation of contrast from the ureteropelvic junction.
 ocular ultrasound - a V-shaped membrane attached to the optic nerve head, indicative of a total retinal detachment
 Postprocedure CT head: Noncontrast CT head 3 months after the blood patch shows complete resolution of the subdural hematoma
 CT angiogram showing the right coronary course between the aorta and pulmonary artery. Abbreviations: LMS, left main stem; Cx, circumflex artery; RCA, right coronary artery; LAD, left anterior descending artery; RC, right coronary.
 Axial T1-weighted magnetic resonance image of the facial area showing heterogeneous contrast enhancement and necrotic areas
 Graded distribution of a transcription factor. Pax6 expression in the E12.5 developing mouse cortex. Modified from Manuel et al. (2015).
 CT with intravenous contrast of the abdomen showing a duodenal tumor, multiple lymphadenopathy, and ascites (arrow).
 Multiple, well-defined, and bilateral calcifications in the angle-ramus region of the mandible (circle and arrow) in a 67-year-old female.
 Radiograph showing a candy-like appearance during endoscopic ultrasound-guided choledochoduodenostomy.
 SA and VASC measurements in a patient with normal T2 sagittal MRI. MRI = magnetic resonance imaging, SA = sacral angle, VASC = vertical angle of sacral curvature.
 Anteroposterior view: severe aortic coarctation.
 Initial T2-weighted sagittal magnetic resonance imaging demonstrates acute benign fracture at the anterosuperior portion of T11 vertebral body with hemorrhage of the fracture site and intradiscal hemorrhage at T10 to T11 disc space. The interspinous ligament has high signal intensity.
 Postoperative radiographic alignment.
 End-systolic left ventricular angiogram Left ventricular angiography showed apical hypertrophy with low end-systolic volume and hourglass shape of the ventricular chamber.
 Final CT reconstruction of bilaterally implanted tined leads (in blue) at the neuroforamen S3.Abbreviation: CT, computed tomography.
 A repeat CT scan after incision and drainage, showing decreased inflamed fluid collection, a remaining rim-enhanced, small low-density lesion (arrow, about 0.5×0.8×0.9 cm) with a fistulous tract and enlarged left posterior triangle cervical lymph nodes (Level II, III, V).
 8-year follow-up X-ray.
 T1W postcontrast axial image of the orbit without fat suppression showing bright signal from fat (arrow head). Note that enhancement by normal extraocular muscles cannot be appreciated
 A rounded subcutaneous soft-tissue mass at the right supraorbital notch. There is no associated osseous defect or extension identified
 CT angiogram indicating multiple microaneurysms and one large aneurysm (arrow) in the right kidney with pigtail in situ
 Echocardiogram of the pregnant woman. Cardiac function: EF was 58 %, FS was 30 %. Dimensional and M echocardiograph: enlargement of right atria and ventricular (RA 55 cm, RV 30 cm); the aorta and pulmonary artery were parallel without enlargement; the aorta ridded on ventricular septum (80 % was from right ventricular); the defect of ventricular septum was 26 mm which was under aorta; there was absence of fibrous joint between anterior mitral valve leaflet and the posterior wall of aorta. Color Doppler ultrasound: there was a left to right shunt between ventricularis was detected (Vmax was 1.6 m/s)
 Plain X-ray of the right hip with normal soft tissues and satisfactory position of prosthesis.
 A 46-year-old woman with a history of renal cell cancer. Axial contrast-enhanced CT image of a patient with a history of renal cell carcinoma showing the typical appearance of renal cell carcinoma metastases. In this case, multiple lesions (arrows) are present throughout pancreas, alluding to metastatic disease. The lesions all show central hypodensity with avid peripheral enhancement. However, there is no pancreatic ductal dilation.
 Endoanal ultrasonography (longitudinal plain) shows a bilobate, circumscribed 4 × 2 cm mass.
 A 75-year-old female underwent a multilevel L1-S1 laminectomy and noninstrumented L4-L5 posterolateral fusion (for grade I degenerative spondylolisthesis) utilizing lamina autograft/BMA/NanOss. The 6-month postoperative axial CT study demonstrated similar continuity of the fusion mass consistent with arthrodesis
  Slightly thickened sigmoid diverticular disease, without abscess or perforation.
 Post-operative radiograph of the same 15 year-old male.
 Axial T1 magnetic resonance imaging of the brain and orbits with fat suppression demonstrating bilateral superior ophthalmic vein dilatation.
 Radiological aspects of femora eight weeks after surgery. From left to right: defect filling with β-TCP/N-SHh, β-TCP/BMP-2 and β-TCP/N-SHh/BMP-2. The central femur, filled only with β-TCP/BMP-2 shows an uninterrupted callus-bridge. β-TCP, β-tricalcium phosphate; N-SHh, N-terminal sonic hedgehog protein; BMP-2, bone morphogenetic protein.
 Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging showing right ventricular (RV) enlargement as compared to the left ventricular (LV) size with calculated right ventricular ejection fraction of 35%.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography: split pleural sign.
 The umbilical venous catheter was inserted on the 1st day after birth, with the catheter tip in the right atrium.
 Slice CT scan showing the discrete obstruction in the left main bronchus with the left pulmonary artery directly anterior and the descending aorta directly posterior to the site of obstruction.
 Standard Finasteride
 Coronal image illustrating an opacified (small arrow) and a fully aerated (large arrow) lacrimal sac.
 Low grade serous carcinoma with co-existing serous borderline tumor. Patient 8 is a woman in her 60s. CT with intravenous contrast shows a primarily cystic pelvic mass with partially calcified soft tissue component (arrow).
 Radiograph shows dissociation of the femoral neck–stem interface
 Postsurgical orthopantomograph revealing right side hemimaxillectomy.
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography shows structure of the common hepatic duct (arrow) and mild dilatation of the left and right hepatic ducts.
 Pancreatic and lesser sac cysts
 Ejemplo del método utilizado para medir el ángulo medido en el software Surgimap. Nivel L5, grupo abordaje Wiltse, Caso N° 1
 Annotated snapshot of the experiment.For sufficiently strong vibration Γ ≳ 13738, one observes convection36 as indicated by the yellow lines and a characteristic V-shaped free surface of the granulate. The corresponding downhill flow leads to a jet emerging close to the center of the system. The region of the system used for further analysis is marked by a blue line. For the figure A = 1.60 mm and f = 33 s−1 was chosen.
  Contrast-enhanced CT demonstrates a cystic mass in the uncinate process of the pancreas. This on surgery proved to be an intraductal mucin-producing tumor of the side branch or branch duct type. These are usually confined to the uncinate process but can be only readily diagnosed on ERCP (Fig. 7 ). On imaging, the appearances can resemble that of a serous or mucinous tumor.
 Thin section contrast-enhanced computed tomography of the lower abdomen. Thin section contrast-enhanced CT scan targeted at the level of the mass reveals a thin stalk (black arrow) connecting the mass (white arrow) with the upper left body of the uterus (arrowhead).
 Coronary angiography of RCA. A chronic total occlusion of the proximal RCA.
 Mammogram. Magnified mediolateral view on mammogram shows clustered pleomorphic calcifications without associated mass, distortion, or other principal abnormality. Pathology showed pleomorphic lobular carcinoma in situ (pLCIS).
 MRI scan of the pelvis showing the enlarged, distended uterine horns (right more than left) and adnexal structures (arrow)
 Presence of gas is seen in the retropharyngeal space from C2 to D4 level on the sagittal computed tomography image
 Example of VOIs drawn on three bone regions: proximal right humerus diaphysis; proximal right femoral diaphysis; and first vertebral body.
 Transverse T2-weighted MRI image shows low signal intensity mass in the same space. The Morton's neuroma is seen circled in red
 An orthopantomograph of a patient with infraorbital neuralgia: a narrowed left infraorbital canal (arrow).
 Computed tomography of the chest shows hyperdense foreign bodies is seen penetrating the anterior chest wall soft tissue, retrosternal hematoma, and left-sided hemopneumothorax with underlying pulmonary contusion
 Fetal Hepatic Perfusion
 CT showed a 6.8×4.5cm mixed density mass shadow with ill-defined margin in the left scrotum, and above which a cystic shadow with watery density in May 2014. CT diagnosis was left testis tumour (thick arrow) and hydrocele of tunica vaginalis (thin arrow).
 Angiography of the SMA during inspiration. SMA, superior mesentric artery.
 Axial T2-weighted MRI sequence of the FHM1 case showing an increased signal of the globus pallidus bilaterally. Moreover, the MRI reveals enlarged Virchow-Robin spaces and only a few unspecific white matter lesions.
 Diffusion weighted imaging shows restricted pattern
 Lateral view of the hip replacement.
 Myxoma of the left atrium, visualized by TTE
 A 47-year-old woman with a hugely enlarged uterus. The fundus is at the level of L3. It contains a solitary large intramural fibroid which is mostly right sided, displacing the cavity to the left. This fibroid measures approximately 14.2 × 10.9 × 8.8 cm.
 MRI-axial view showing the cystic lesion with high T2 signal.
 X-ray chest lateral view showing a cystic mass lesion in the right upper zone extending outside the thoracic cage.
 CT scan showing recurrent polypoid mass in right lower quadrant urinary pouch as noted by the arrow.
 Radiographic control after implant placement in site to the left.
 Chest radiograph shows calcification (arrows).
 Treatment field definitions for ECOG 2496 Arm B, planned on COG protocol image set.
 Chest radiograph of patient
 Computed tomography showing a wide osteolytic area in the left part of the mandible.
 MRI T2WI SAG-lesion appears hyperintense.
 Gadolinium enhanced T1 weight MRI of right knee shows large amount of joint effusion and enhanced synovium indicating inflammatory arthritis.
 Diffuse infiltrative lesion was hyperintense on T1-weighted image and showed enhancement.
 Gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted sagittal MR image of the lesion after 4 months of antibiotic therapy showing the cervical epidural abscess had significantly decreased in size. However, the presence of a hyperintense and contrast-enhanced disc space and vertebral body suggested discitis and osteomyelitis.
 Magnetic resonance imaging T1-weighted image with contrast showing a soft-tissue lesion involving the left maxilla, nasal cavity, orbit and ethmoid sinus with extension into the alveolus and infra temporal fossa
 Ultrasonography shows the enlarged fourth ventricle (long white arrow) with normal lateral ventricles (small white arrow).
 The division of the CHA into the GDA and proper hepatic artery (HAP) gives an appearance of arterial vascular seagull
 Computed tomography of the abdomen showing gastric and duodenal distention (red arrows) suggestive of small bowel obstruction and narrowing of the angle between the superior mesenteric artery and the abdominal aorta.
 Chest CT scan revealed multiple lung nodules indicative of multiple lung adenomas.
 Top: apical four-chamber view of one of the subjects with the M-mode cursor at the tricuspid annulus. Bottom: M-mode image of the tricuspid annulus from where TAPSE is measured.
 Transthoracic echocardiography (parasternal short-axis view) shows a cardiac mass in the right ventricle (RV)
 A transaxial PET/CT fusion image with 11C-metomidate in a patient with recurrent disease from a previously resected adrenocortical cancer. A high focal tracer uptake is seen in a liver metastasis.
 Right leg radiography, AP view, at six‐month follow‐up, confirming fracture consolidation with callus and bony remodeling (arrow).
 Computed tomographic scan of abdomen showing pseudomyxoma peritonei with multiple peritoneal masses (arrow) with “scalloping effect.”
  Computed tomography scan demonstrating unilateral hyperplasia of the occipitocondylar.
 Axial and oblique coronal reformatted CT images of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and intravenous contrast demonstrate a 4.0 × 3.1 × .7-cm mass at the hepatic flexure of the colon, as well as an annular 6.3 × 6.2 × 6.3-cm mass slightly more proximally involving the cecum.
 An 8-year-old boy with ALL presenting with cough, musculoskeletal pain and anemiaCXR reveals permeative bone lesion in the right humerus (arrow).
 Multiple bilateral airspace and interstitial patchy opacities
 Panoramic radiograph showing no odontogenic orgin in relation to the swelling.
 Abdominal PNfS.
 CT imagination of liver rupture.
 A plate and screws fixation of the right femoral shaft and an intramedullary nailing, and cables fixation in the left side.
 Case 2: Sagittal oblique MIP image of CT scan of the chest showing focal dilatation of the aberrant right vertebral artery origin (thin red arrow), retroesophageal course (thick red arrow), and entrance into the right vertebral canal (blue arrow).
 Spina bifida occulta can be associated with spondylolysis.
 Muscle rupture with intact external abdominal muscle one week after admission.
 Abdominal CT showing marked ascites.
 Holmium:YAG laser incising kidney.
 Arterio-venous fistula of femoral artery.
 MRI of the abdomen and pelvis showing mass in head of the pancreas.
 MRI of the pelvis showing a large mass occupying the left ischiorectal fossa.
 Sonography of a parathyroid adenoma at the thoracic inlet in a 20‐year‐old pony with primary hyperparathyroidism. The adenoma was identified as a homogenous hypoechoic circular structure nestled between the jugular veins, which are highlighted with Doppler color flow imaging.
 Indeterminate (category 3) microcalcifications. A small cluster of slightly pleomorphic microcalcifications.
 MRI of a patient with posterior uveal melanoma: arrow + red color indicate tumor mass, yellow and blue colors indicate lens, and green and orange colors indicate optic nerves.Abbreviation: MRI, magnetic resonance imaging.
 Sacral Magnetic Resonance Imaging shows posterior wall of rectus invaded by Skin Squamous Cell Carcinoma
 Delivery of the drug-eluting stent with the assistance of GuideLiner (arrow represents tip of the GuideLiner).
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance image acquired with a half-Fourier acquisition single-shot turbo-spin-echo sequence shows a normal (small) cisterna chyli as a single straight thin tube (thin arrow) between the aorta and the right hemidiaphragmatic crus. The thoracic duct is not seen. Thick arrow depicts one of the lumbar/intestinal afferent trunks. No aberrant lymphatics noted
 Sagittal short TI inversion recovery magnetic resonance image shows complete transection of the spinal cord
 Dilated lactiferous duct with solid lesion in the lumen, insusceptible to compression (arrows)
 Post contrast CT of the same patient.
  Digital subtraction angiography demonstrating a small aneurysm (arrow) at nonbranching side in the M1 segment of the left middle cerebral artery. These features, such as small size and occurrence at the nonbranching point of the parent artery, indicate this is not a saccular aneurysm but rather a blood blister–like or dissecting type aneurysm.
 Red free image LEF
 Right ventricular outflow. The pulmonary artery (PA) is seen in long axis (arrow in A) and short axis (arrow in B). Color Doppler (C) image shows color flow and the spectral waveform of the pulmonary artery (arrow). RV – right ventricle
 Axial plain CT (bone window settings) demonstrates a lytic lesion in the right parietal bone (arrow).
 Initial negative computed tomography angiogram
 Plain radiograph of right shoulder showing small degenerative cysts at the site of insertion of the supraspinatus tendon on the greater tuberosity (arrow), indicative of rotator cuff tendinopathy.
 Lateral radiograph of the skull demonstrating the knotted nasogastric tube.
 Postoperative roentgenograms of both shoulders
  The chest x-ray, viewed in the antero-posterior projection, from a typical patient with ventricular septal defect shows cardiomegaly, increased pulmonary vascular markings, and atelectasis of the left lower lobe.
 The 1st superior mesenteric angiography shows increased focal staining in the ileocecal valve and proximal ascending colon.
 Angiography showing the migrated filling coils to the proximal anterior cerebral artery.
 Sagital CT scan showing soft tissue swelling in right high parietal region.
 CT chest showing dilated pulmonary artery (marked by 1).
 Postoperative axial T2-WI MRI scan at the same level after left temporal lobe resection.
 TDM thoracique montrant une masse hyperdense au dépend de l’arc postérieur de la 6ème cote se développant surtout en endothoracique et ayant un centre hypodense.
 Axial CT scan of the brain with contrast six weeks after initial presentation. There is an interval increase in the number and size of the lesions with surrounding vasogenic edema.
 False negative benign non-specific biopsy; final diagnosis was lymphoma.
 Intravenous urography showing medialization of left ureter with hydroureteronephrosis and poorly functioning right kidney.
 Transverse 13-7 MHz ultrasound image over the volar aspect of the right wrist. The ulnar nerve (arrowheads) is compressed and displaced by a ganglion cyst (black arrows). White arrows : transverse carpal ligament, asterisk : median nerve.
 MRI scan showing the gossypiboma (small arrow) as a well-defined area dotted with silicone-like material above the breast implant (large arrow) on the right side, corresponding to the area where the patient felt a painful lump. The implant in the left breast is not visible in this slide.
 Distal part of the anterior cruciate ligament – an anterior view
 MRI brain (saggital) reveals obstructive hydrocephalus caused by an enhancing pineal gland mass (large arrow) and leptomeningeal carcinomatosis (LC) (small arrow).
 Hypoechoic, solid appearing mass of right testis.
 Arm pulling. Dynamic venography with the arm pulled inferiorly and then released: venography was performed by injecting 40 mL of dilute contrast agent through the catheter, showing obstruction of the basilic/axillary veins and reflux and filling of the small cephalic vein providing collateral circulation filling the subclavian vein. The occlusion of the axillary vein was completely resolved upon releasing the tension. Findings of both pictures (Figures 1 and 2) in keeping with pectoralis minor syndrome on the right side. No venous compression at the costoclavicular space or the thoracic inlet.
 T2-weighted magnetic resonance scan obtained in sagital plane in patient without hematological disorders.
 Coronal T2-weighted image showing asymmetrical prominent fatty striations and fatty atrophy on the left side of the tongue due to radiation toxicity (arrows).
 Indocyanine green angiography, 5 weeks after intravitreal bevacizumab injection.
 Coronal CT post-contrast same patient as Fig. 5 with ACC. Demonstrating tumour throughout the left nasal cavity with bony destruction of the left maxillary sinus, loss of fat in the left infratemporal fossa and extension in the left orbital apex along the V2 division.
 Four-chamber view with aorta (Ao), showing measurement of the left ventricle inlet- (single-head arrow) to-outlet (double-head arrow) ratio of 0.7:1 in a patient with no primum ASD.
 Picture of the model under water at t = 0.04 s
 The distribution of dose (isodoses) obtained after the preparation of the treatment plan, target CT cross-sections performed every 2-3 mm
 Computed tomography of the abdomen showing a metallic artefact (likely dental amalgam) in appendix region. Scan taken during the initial admission.
 An example of anterior condyle position.
 A 62-year-old woman with a mycotic aneurysm of the right posterior cerebral artery. The microcatheter (arrow head) could not navigate into the mycotic aneurysm (black arrow) because of the very acute angulation (white arrow) of the posterior cerebral artery.
 At a slightly more distal level, a curvilinear intraluminal density representing an intimal flap is noted (white arrow). There is opacification of a smaller false lumen.
 MRI from a patient with MCI with boundaries of the three areas needed for calculating the Medial Temporal Atrophy index (MTAi). The section passes through the interpeduncular fosae. The three areas are: (1) the medial temporal lobe region (A), defined in a coronal brain slide as the space bordered in its inferior side by the tentorium cerebelli, in its medial side by the cerebral peduncles, in its upper side by the roof of the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle and in its lateral side by the colateral sulcus and a straight-line linking the colateral sulcus with the lateral edge of the temporal horn of the lateral ventricle; (2) the parenchima within the medial temporal region, that includes the hippocampus and the parahippocampal girus (B); and (3) the body of the ipsilateral lateral ventricle (C).
 Intra-operative fluoroscopic image at the time of revision surgery. A shorter Lag Screw was placed and another accessory cannulated screw placed anterior and in parallel to the Lag Screw.
 Emergent CT shows massive free air when the patient complained of severe abdominal pain.
 Lesion boundary: This malignant lesion shows an abrupt interface.
 Device embolization. Intraprocedural transesophageal echocardiography: embolization of the device into the left atrium
 Axial CT image shows a large, lytic bone metastasis of the left pelvis with invasion of the left iliacus and gluteus muscles (arrows). [Powerpoint Slide]
 Parasternal short axis view demonstrating pulmonary regurgitation (arrow) at 1 year follow-up
 Panoramic radiographic findings.
 Traumatic aortic pseudoaneurysm. Sagittal reformatted contrast-enhanced CT image of the thoracic aorta reveals a pseudoaneurysm of the greater curve of the mid-descending thoracic aorta (black arrow)
 Computed tomography (CT) showing presence of stomach and bowel loops in the chest.
 Chest radiography showing an extrapleural EBV-SMT at the apical area of the right lung (image reproduced with permission from [13]. The AIDS Reader, UBM Medica).
 Chest radiograph on day five.
 The regions of interest (ROIs) were placed on axial slices over the bilateral cerebral peduncles
 Abdominal CT-scan showing diffuse calcifications of the infrarenal aorta and aortic bifurcation (#) as well as mild ectasia (3 cm). Note the diffuse hepatic metastatic disease (x).
 HRTEM image of Ag-TiO2/H3PW12O40 film (Inset: SEAD pattern).
 Sagittal view of computerized tomography scan of abdomen.Notes: The arrow shows mild circumferential enhancement and haziness of the wall of the distal sigmoid colon and rectum.
 The radiological appearance of her right hip following previous TB, arthrodesis, subsequent lymphoma, and radiotherapy—and there is now a radiation induced sarcoma involving the right hemiplevis! Note that the left hip is normal.
 Chest computed tomography scan taken 2 months before admission, showing consolidation of the right lower lung lobe with a high-density area.
 CT scan demonstrating progression of disease after first line palliative chemotherapy with the CAP regimen.
 Mediastinal abscess in a 40-year-old male who had blunt trauma. Contrast enhanced CT shows a low- attenuation mass (arrow) with gas bubble (thin arrow) and loculated pleural effusion on the right.
 T2 COR SELLA (brain MRI with and without contrast). Red arrow indicating pituitary mass with evidence of internal hemorrhage.
 AP radiograph of the patient showing multiple level transverse process stress fractures.
 Computed tomography (high resolution) of the thorax. Fibrosing interstitial pneumonia with a reticular pattern with areas of ground-glass alveolar opacity and thickness of the septa (inter and intralobuar) with traction bronchiectasis, predominantly in the lower basal regions
 Normal erect chest x-ray. No air under the diaphragm.
 A computed tomogram demonstrated a pericardial fluid collection around the heart.
 3-Dimensional volume reconstruction CT abdomen to confirm a distended gallbladder with a clear transition point (arrow), pericholecystic fluid, inflammatory stranding and enhancement of the gallbladder wall.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography revealed a large inhomogeneous density mass with varying degrees of calcification.
 An emergency right coronary angiogram 1 year prior.
 Initial computed tomography of the brain shows no hemorrhage or ventricular dilatation.
 ImageChecker computer aided diagnosis for Digital Mammography by Hologic Inc.
 Transverse slice at the level of lumbar segment 3 showing the vertebral body and the nearby subarachnoid spaces (white) next to the psoas muscle (M. psoas) and the contrast agent (white) outside the subarachnoid spaces.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography brain showing postoperative residual tumor
 Fluorescein angiography showing peripapillary subretinal hemorrhages and vitreous hemorrhage at the first examination
 The abdominal computed tomographic scan (axial view) revealed extraluminal air with soft-tissue infiltration around the posterior wall of the rectum. Arrow indicates extraluminal air.
 Chest X-ray revealing cardiomegaly with pulmonary congestion and pleural effusion.
 Superior view of three-dimensional contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance venogram showing multiple cortical veins draining to anterior third of superior sagittal sinus. The caliber of draining veins has been measured in a millimeter at its midpoint of the visible length (marked by small circles). The posterior limit of anterior third of superior sagittal sinus has been marked with red arrows
 Angiographic study demonstrating patent superficial temporal artery–middle cerebral artery bypass with sufficient contrast (lateral view).
 Radiologically multiple microcystic lesions (arrow heads) on right parotideal gland.
 Pre-surgery axial MRI. Arrowhead points towards a focus of hyperintensity at the aforementioned level.
 Hyperechogenic line corresponding to sacrum and L5-S junction
 Apical two chamber view in transthoracic echocardiography demonstrating the membrane (arrow) bisecting the left atrium into superior and inferior compartments (Cor triatriatum sinistrum)
 Despite the ongoing lack of power, cleanup must proceed; here, a New York City housing worker cleans and disinfects a Red Hook home, 13 November 2012. The storm knocked out power to more than 8 million people, and prolonged loss of electricity and running water posed a significant problem for many people.© Andrew Lichtenstein/Corbis
 Six months later this chest X-ray revealed only a vestige of the aneurysm.
 Intra-operative completion angiogram during initial EVAR demonstrating no Type 1 or Type III endoleak.
 Chest radiography showing massive air content beneath both diaphragms. (arrows)
 CT scan of the neck: arrows (↑) show enlarged palatine tonsils kissing each other with no signs of peritonsillar abscess.
 Computerised tomography image of three cholecystocutaneous gallstones located in the anterior abdominal wall in front of the liver (segment IV) represented by three areas of low attenuation.
 The radiograph of a right clavicle for an eight-year-old girl who presented with a 2-week history of a swollen painful erythematous swelling of the medial third of her right clavicle. The radiograph demonstrates expansion of the clavicle medially with an associated periosteal reaction and sclerosis.
 Axial intermediate T1 Fat saturated MRI, post gadolinium on lesion on right base of tongue. Lesion has irregular enhancement following gadolinium
 Ultrasound of normal right testicle.
 Cortical hypertrophy (arrow).
 Coronary angiography revealed a Medina 1-1-1 obtuse marginal branch of circumflex coronary artery (CX-OM) bifurcation lesion.
 Ventricular septal defect (VSD). A VSD is well seen (arrow) between the right and left ventricles. RV-right ventricle, LV-left ventricle
 4-year-old boy with macrodystrophia lipomatosa. MRI axial T1-weighted image demonstrates increased adipose tissue (arrow) around the distal aspect of the second toe, which is laterally deviated.
 Axial section, T1-weighted magnetic resonance image shows a large, well-defined mass (arrow) in the region of the pterygo-maxillary fissure and sphenopalatine foramen on the right side with a heterogenous intensity.
 Computed tomography of abdomen demonstrating bilateral adrenal hemorrhage with right adrenal gland measuring 5.3 cm superior to inferior ×3.4 cm transversely ×3.8 cm anterior to posterior, and the left adrenal gland measuring 6.1 cm superior to inferior ×4.3 cm transversely ×5.4 cm anterior to posterior.
 Spinal cord magnetic resonance imaging (T2-weighted imaging from C4 to Th6) one year after the start of combination treatment with rituxan and cyclophosphamide depicting longitudinally extensive spinal cord lesions (see arrows) with significant cord atrophy.
 Cyst of the tendon sheath. Longitudinal ultrasound showing a well-delineated anechoic structure (arrow) on the course of the flexor tendon of the right fourth finger (asterisks)
 Chest computed tomography of patient 5, presenting with right arm swelling due to small apical pneumothorax and subcutaneous emphysema, treated conservatively with supplemental oxygen therapy.
 On follow-up coronary angiogram performed one week after stenting, the stent in the left anterior descending artery was patent without narrowing of the ostium of left circumflex and distal left main artery.
 Subcostal sagittal view shows a small anterior muscular VSD
 X-ray chest showing multiple transradiant cystic lucencies of variable size in the left hemithorax
 Abdomen-pelvis CT scan of case 2 showing large uterine leiomyoma.
 Antero- posterior radiograph of hip: posterior dislocation of hip associated with fracture of acetabulum, femoral head, femoral neck, greater trochanter
 Sagittal T1 weighted image shows polymicrogyria as cobblestone/serrated appearance involving the entire peri sylvian cortex (white arrows) and continuing into the parieto-occipital area (black arrows)
 The T5-T7 lesion demonstrates imaging evidence of active inflammation.
 Abdominal plain X-ray dilated stomach, the rest of the abdomen is gasless
 Postoperative (sagittal) image of same patient showing normal aerated sphenoid with no residual lesion
 Ethmoid encephaloceles after facial advancement surgery. Orbital CT, showing bilateral soft-tissue masses extending into the nasal cavities through skull base defects overlying the patient's ethmoid sinuses.
 Swelling located at the ventral surface of the penis, just proximal to the coronal sulcus; the circumcision scar runs over the swelling.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of M1 at 2 months showing the pellet in place on the medial rectus muscle (arrow) performed using a Siemens 3-T imager, T1-weighted fast spin-echo.
 MRI showing the 12-mm subcapsular lesion in segment VI of patient 2.
 Chest radiograph without evidence of pulmonary involvement.
 Transposition of great arteries in a 28 weeks fetus (LV, left ventricle; RV, right ventricle; PA, pulmonary artery; Ao, aorta)
 Coronal reformatted image at nephrographic phase shows the enhancing central area.
 Postoperative panoramic radiograph after surgery. Silicone block with full coverage of the glenoid fossa was placed and fixed in the cranium
 Fistula presenting in pelvic MRI.
 Post-operative lateral view X-ray.
 Abdominal CT scan showing a large splenic abscess occupying the whole spleen in a child with sickle cell anemia.
 Sagittal T1 wieghted—fat saturation after gadolinium: increased enhancement of edematous left femoral nerve in the course of iliopsoas muscle.
 (a) Chest CT showing right pulmonary artery filling defect (arrow) extending to the right lower arterial branch consistent with vascular tumor that was initially diagnosed as thromboembolic disease. CT: Computed tomography
 Endoscopic ultrasound shows a large triangular hypoechoic lymph node in the subcarinal region
 Ultrasound image of subscapularis enthesitis: sagittal B-mode US scaning of subscapularis tendon showing bony erosion with enthesophytes.
 Chest radiograph after 1 month of steroid therapy.
 CT abdomen + pelvis with contrast: large inflammatory caecal mass.
 Case 1. Axial computed tomography image showing the polypoid structure adherent to the gallbladder wall (arrow).
 Completion venogram showing no IVC wall injury. IVC, inferior vena cava.
 Gray-scale ultrasound of the right testis. Multiple ill-defined hyperechoic lesions within the parenchyma, representing likely contusions. They resolved on follow-up examination.
 Example of a post with a picture and a short text
 Preoperative F-18fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography-computed tomography scan showing metastatic lymph nodes in the left gastric, splenic hilum, left para-aortic, aortocaval, and retrocaval areas.
 Cross sectional (axial) area of pericardial fat (PF).Colored image outlining axial PF area boundaries. Cardiac silhouette in grey, within PF and labeled.
 Initial CECT scans.
 Panoramic radiograph showing hyperplasia of right ramus, right body of the mandible, condyle and condylar neck
 Axial CT scan with contrast at the level of T2, showing an enlarged thyroid gland, larger on the left, with tracheal deviation and inhomogeneous enhancement.
 Chest X ray: bilateral opacification of the costophrenic sinuses, increased pulmonary vascular markings, and increased heart area.
 HASTE T2 Sagittal OrientationIn this figure, the diaphragm is shown clearly between the CCAM (white arrow) and the stomach chamber (x).
 Pre-operative X-ray showing congenital radial head dislocation with the radius bowed anteriorly.The capitulum is hypoplastic.
 The largest anteroposterior (width) and craniocaudal (height) diameters of the pineal gland were measured as shown in this sagittal T2-weighted image
 Intraoperative perspective for severe intestinal burn
 Chest X-ray. Cardiomegaly with diffuse bilateral interstitial infiltrates and a right-sided pleural effusion.
 Angio-IRM séquence veineuse montrant un élargissement de sinus caverneux à droite
 Pretreatment periapical radiograph
 Right coronary artery chronic total occlusion located in proximal part, length approximately 20 mm
 Initial radiograph (lateral view) on patient with L1 burst fracture who was neurologically intact
 A 51-year-old male patient with a cT2 mass located on the posteromedial aspect of the left kidney. His operation was initiated in a minimally invasive fashion. However, open conversion was necessary because of the size and posterior location of the tumor. Final pathologic diagnosis was Fuhrman grade 2, clear cell renal cell carcinoma, pT2a.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan showing pleural pocket.
  Magnetic resonance imaging with severe canal stenosis and myelomalacia in the region of C1–C2.
 Radiograph picture of atlantoaxial instability
 Previous bulging mass and adjacent lung nodule was not seen on the follow up chest X-ray.
 Chest radiography shows a huge mass in the left thoracic cavity
 Coronal PD images demonstrate complete tear of the supraspinatous with myotendonous retraction (arrow).
 Aneurysm of ascending aorta measuring 4.7×4.8 cm incidentally found in 62-year-old man who was referred for coronary CT angiography for evaluation of cardiac aetiology of syncope.
 Oral contrast passing from the duodenum (red arrow) to the jejunum (blue arrow) and the patent duodenojejunal anastomosis (green arrow).
 A radiograph of ANKENT-positive male. A control LPS-untreated male with the right paw affected. The left paw is normal.
 An image of our patient at five-week follow-up highlights a posteriorly dislocated elbow joint after splint removal.
 Axial CT scan of brain taken two days after evacuation of first EDH showing, new EDH over contralateral side
 Abdominopelvic MDCT; axial sections showing moderate splenomegaly.
 Axial computed tomography scan view confirms the diagnosis of left anterior fracture dislocation of the sacroiliac joint along with the fracture of ipsilateral iliac wing and also the fracture of right iliac wing
 Chest radiograph demonstrating complete expansion of the left lung following intercostal drain insertion in the 5th intercostal space. Note the central line in the right subclavian vein
 Aspergillus mass seen in sagittal view
 Antegrade pyelogram shows the fistula from the left renal pelvis into the proximal descending colon. Contrast media is flowing backward into the descending colon (arrow).
 Panoramic radiograph revealing severely eroded cortex.
 Contralateral delayed EDH with 10 mm of midline shifting one day after the decompressive craniectomy
 Arteriogram showing bleeding stop.
 An 83-year-old woman with uncontrolled diabetes and a history of proliferative diabetic retinopathy and vision loss in the left eye. Axial US image shows thick membranes (arrowheads) in the vitreous and a tractional total chronic retinal detachment (arrows)
 A 64-year-old man with collecting duct carcinoma. An ill-defined, infiltrative and poorly enhancing mass invades the right renal parenchyma as seen on CT with contrast (arrow). Associated retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy is present (arrowhead).
 Computed tomography scan showing dilated stomach and proximal duodenum with a transition point at the third portion of the duodenum.
 Coronal CT image shows ossification of the stylohyoid ligaments with pseudoarticulations
 Hyperintense cerebrospinal fluid-intensity lesion.
 Right sagittal lumbar CT scan showed L3–L5 isthmic lyses. CT = computed tomography.
 Vesicocolic fistula in a patient who underwent palliative radiation therapy due to recurrent bladder cancer. Cystogram shows trabeculated bladder deformity and immediately opacified sigmoid colon. The presence of a fistulous tract between the bladder and sigmoid colon may be observed (B, bladder; arrow, fistula).
 Discontinuity of the ATAF with fluid surrounding the torn ends (arrow).
 Gray-scale sonogram. Smooth bordered semisolid mass with internally scattered, mostly circumferentially oriented anechoic multiple cyst, creating rosette appearance and accompanying echogenic material filled the intercystic spaces (hydatid sand).
 CECT Brain: Subacute infarct in left high parietal lobe
 Anteroposterior chest X-ray on presentation showing widened mediastinum (pointing black arrows).
 PET/CT scan showing extensive areas of abnormal hypermetabolism in the mediastinum, subcarinal, left hilum, porta hepatis, celiac, retrocrural and superior mesenteric artery nodal areas. In addition, there is increased uptake in the spleen and liver.
 MRI Defecography: sagittal section of the pelvis in SSc patient: at beginning of defecation.
 CT after TACE demonstrates lipiodol uptake in treated area but also a new area of increased enhancement in the right lobe indicative of progressive disease.
 Plain X-ray abdomen showing the air filled loop of small bowel in the umbilical port site
 Low-dose I-131 scintigraphy after thyroidectomy
 Initial computed tomography done on the 1st postoperative day showing right lower lobe consolidation and left pleural effusion
 Computed tomography of the abdomen illustrating bowel loops with edema also referred to as target sign.
 Trans-abdominal ultrasound showing multiple hypoechoic areas in the liver.
 Control X-Ray After 3 Weeks Postoperative
 Magnetic resonance imaging findings: sagittal T2-weighted image showing a large pelvic mass with high signal intensity and heterogeneous content but without bone or bladder invasion or any evident communication with the lumen of the rectum
 CT abdomen without contrast showing the needle in the left lobe of the liver.
 CT scan showing the common opening of all the three hepatic veins (labelled); also the inferior accessory vein is seen.
 Chest X-ray of the multiorgan donor with an implanted LVAD one day before the donation
 Intraoperative cholangiogram showing the flow of contrast into the duodenum.
 Angiography in a lateral view showing the stump of the CA (arrow).
 Postmortem photograph of the maxilla of the victim in case 3 (2012)
 First hysterosalpingography (HSG) showed a apparently unicornuate uterus with normal fallopian tubes
  Scaphoid was excised and radial advancement osteotomy.
 X-ray showing intrauterine contraceptive devices in the pelvis with fine opacities
 Magnetic Ressonance Imaging: Leioyosarcoma in pelvis renalis of left kidney (arrow).
 - T2 weighted sagittal MRI spine shows long segment transverse myelitis from C7 to T7 level. (arrows)
 Common origin of both RCA and LMS from the right coronary cusp in echocardiogram.
 CT of the pelvis, sagittal view, with large amount of gas in left hip disarticulation stump.
 Adrenal CT shows 2.3×1.7 cm sized well defined homogenous mass in the left adrenal gland.
 PEG tube seen to traverse the abdominal wall (thin arrow).
 Sagittal T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging demonstrating erosion of the inferior aspect of the clivus consistent with rheumatoid pannus.
 Fistulous connection from the left mid-circumflex coronary artery to the mitral annulus and occlusion of the circumflex distal to this fistula.
 24-year-old female with endolymphatic sac tumor. T2W axial MR image reveals a heterogeneous mass lesion involving the left endolymphatic sac, petrosal bone, and mastoid air cells.
 Controlled ruptured of the iliac artery with balloon angioplasty of a covered stent.
 Plain lateral scapula radiograph of right shoulder. A ‘Neer’ 2-part fracture is seen
 X-ray of the patient’s right knee joint region showing massive soft tissue mass and condylar notch widening with massive effusion.
 MR axial proton density image with fat suppression shows the patellar tendon is abnormally thickened and edematous (white arrow).
 Pre-treatment panoramic radiograph
 Axial CT head, 8 months after onset of symptoms, showed a VP shunt in place.
 Three months post-operative AP showing radiological union.
 A 12 cm × 8 cm heterogenous mass lesion arising in the retrorectal space involving the sacrum (s3–s5), coccyx with pre-, paravertebral, intraspinal and posterior spinal components. Fat planes with the rectum well preserved.
 Initial chest radiograph prior to ECMO initiation.
 An initial chest computed tomography scan of the studied patient showing bronchiectatic changes with small centrilobular nodules in the lingular division of the left upper lobe, the right middle lobe, the right lower lobe, and the left lower lobe.
 Coronal head CT with the brain window showing the implanted nail
 PET scan: Abnormal uptake in T11, L3 and the right acetabulum; significant supraclavicular, mediastinal and retrocrural adenopathy in addition to the extensive retroperitoneal adenopathy; abnormal enlargement of right kidney.
 Arrow points to dissection in the descending aorta.
 CT angiography axial image depicts smaller calibre right pulmonary artery (arrow head), normal calibre left pulmonary artery (thin arrow), main pulmonary artery (MPA).
 Parasternal long axis view of the aortic root in a 1000 g infant. AA: Aortic annulus, SV: Sinus of Valsalva, STJ: Sinotubular junction, PAA: Proximal ascending aorta
 Radiograph of the chest showing gross dilatation of the right side of the colon with Chilaiditi’s sign.
 IRM hypothalamo-hypophysaire de notre patient: kyste épidermoide du patient intra et supra-sellaire, mesurant 18X15X27mm
 PET CT showing a small area of hypermetabolism traced by fluorodeoxyglucose in the left adnexal region (arrows). A physiological accumulation of deoxyglucose within the bladder is also apparent (asterisks).
 PET-CT (5th August) revealed no pathologic nuclide distribution in the heart.
 This axial CT scan depicts C1-C2 after reduction, CT-MIP (maximum intensity projection).
 CT peritoneography axial image demonstrates a rare case of dialysate leakage into the right retroperitoneum with dialysate seen anterior to the right psoas muscle (arrow)
 Stricture of the right lower ureter due to metastasis
 Ultrasound of a normal subject showing lower lid fat compartments, arrowhead showing anterior and arrow showing inferior compartment. Note the mild difference in echodensity of the 2 compartments.
 Preoperative X-ray anteroposterior (a) and lateral (b) views showing Gartland type II supracondylar fracture
 Mid oesophagus 0º Four Chamber view showing ASD device in right ventricular outflow tract.
 CT of the abdomen showing multiple nodules in the stomach with marked thickening of the antrum, suggestive of gastric outlet obstruction.
 MM type IV in a patient with urinary bladder carcinoma. CT image demonstrates multiple calcifications in the left iliopsoas muscle (arrow).
 Wolverhampton Public Health Department, ‘Annual Report 07’, , accessed April 2014. Reproduced by permission of Wolverhampton City Council.
 Coronal CT showing right lateral sphenoid defect and encephalocele in patient #5
 Schematic representation of the habenula and its relationship with adjacent structures.Abbreviations: GP, globus pallidus; IN, interpeduncolar nucleus; OfC, orbitofrontal cortex; RN, raphe nucleus; Sp, septum; Str, striatum; Th, thalamus.
 Backscattering chamber with set of detectors placed at various angles. On a photo is a 1 m diameter ICARE multidetector array consisting of Si+CsI telescopes installed at HIL UW (ICARE: Identificateur de Charges A Rendement Eleve)
 X-ray of the existence of an object with low density in retro-orbital space
 Doppler of umbilical artery showing normalization of systolic/diastolic ratio (2.74) after starting sildenafil citrate.Abbreviations: PSV, peak systolic velocity; EDV, end diastolic velocity; MDV, mean diastolic velocity; TAPV, timed averaged peak velocity; S/D, systolic/diastolic ratio; PI, pulsatility index; RI, resistive index; HR, heart rate.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis with intravenous contrast showing infarction of the spleen (white arrows)
 Coupe TDM axiale avec injection de produit de contraste mettant en évidence des hypodensités multifocales frontales, des hypodensités arrondies, bien limitées avec un rehaussement des parois, sans prise de contraste des parois et avec une hyperdensité centrale traduisant le scolex
 CT scan – coronal view. Large mass lesion (arrow) within right kidney measuring up to 7.4 × 7.5 × 9.2 cm.
 Still frame of the fluoroscopy using the portable C arm equipment showing the device after release
 Radiographic characteristics of a patient infected with respiratory syncytial virus.The chest X-ray shows increased brightness in both right and left lungs.
 Chest X-ray after treatment with octreotide during hospital admission.
 Initial CT colonogram showing a well-circumscribed ovoid soft tissue mass in the small bowel mesentery.
 The CT cut of the thorax at the lower lung field (mediastinal window) showing thickening of the pleura and calcification both at the parietal and the visceral surfaces. This patient did not respond to oral doxycycline given for slightly over six months
 False aneurysm of the external iliac artery.
 Case 2 chest X-ray at time 1944. Chest X-ray taken two hours after admission shows slight ground glass abnormalities despite significant improvement.
 Three dimensional surgical view of MV, flail P2and small vegetations.
 shows a 2.5 cm vague hyperdense rim-enhancing lesion (arrow) in the left thalamus with minimal mass-effect on 3rd ventricle.
 A cropped panoramic radiograph of the same individual in Figures 1 and 2. Note the two calcified carotid artery atheroma superior to the prominent semi lunar shaped epiglottis and the letter “L” marker.
 The PET–CT scan: axillary lymph nodes (arrow). Radioactive tracer: 18F-FDG
 Sagittal STIR 3T images of a 19-year-old patient with a stress fracture in the left IV metatarsal bone. Bone marrow edema at the epiphysis (arrows) demarcates more clearly in figure 4, 3T image compared to figure 5, 1.5T image.
 MRI (transverse section) showing relationship of the parosteal lipoma to the underlying radius and the adjacent muscles of the forearm
 Cholangiography via the orifice (arrow) demonstrates the communication to a branch of the anterior inferior segmental duct.
 Radiographie de thorax en post-drainage montrant le retour du poumon à la paroi
 Axial MR imaging revealing extrusion of the disk compressing the thecal sac.
 A 25-year-old female with uterine arteriovenous malformation who presented with postcoital vaginal bleeding. Transabdominal gray-scale ultrasound image of uterus showing myometrial heterogeneity with multiple anechoic cystic structures (arrow).
 Control plain radiograph, five years after surgery.
 Chest radiograph revealed diffuse infiltration in right lung with thick walled cavities in mid and lower zone. Infiltrations were also seen in left upper parahilar region.
 Coupe sous carinaire montrant le pneumothorax antérieur minime, le pneumo médiastin ainsi que l'emphysème sous cutané géant
 Large 12 cm × 10 cm enhancing left renal mass with central necrosis and calcification on initial presentation (black arrow).
 Noncontrast T1-weighted brain MRI: image demonstrates hemorrhage originating from ependyma of right lateral ventricle.Abbreviation: MRI, magnetic resonance imaging.
 Artifact in a cine SSFP sequence caused by ferromagnetic material: Sternotomy wires locally disturb the magnetic field (red arrows). However, it is not considered a significant artifact in this case, since it does not extend onto the LV.
 Exostosis causing aneurysm
 Calcification of iliac arteries (arrows) is seen on pelvic radiography.
 MRI scan requested for the assessment of pelvic tumor recurrence in a patient with cervical cancer after cone biopsy. T2-weighted sagittal section showing the uterus in anteversion, midline, with signs of surgical manipulation of the colon, and a diffuse reduction of T2 signal intensity.
 Otosclerosis. Otospongiotic bone formation has caused obliteration of the round window niche (white arrow). A retrocochlear lytic focus confirms the diagnosis of fenestral and retrofenestral otosclerosis
 Axial T2 MRI demonstrates a large left parietooccipital arteriovenous malformation yet the patient was found to be a safe driver.
 Apex diameter (red arrow), base diameter (blue arrow), height (purple arrow), distance through the thinnest diameter of the hole to the base center (green arrow).
 Computed Tomography for the abdomen and pelvis demonstrating a sessile intraluminal lesion of the right posteriolateral aspect of the UB (arrow)
 MiracleBros 6 wire in false lumen of chronic total occlusion.
 Coronary angiogram obtained immediately after balloon inflation to assess correct occlusion of the artery prior to ethanol injection.
  T2-weighted magnetic resonance axial image at C3–C4 demonstrated central canal stenosis and obliteration of the subarachnoid space.
 Cystogram showing marked trabecular thickening.
 Gadolinium contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MRI scan of a 45-year-old male with polymorphic adenocarcinoma of the salivary gland spreading along the vidian nerve (arrow).
 Stricture of the bulbous urethra as shown on the miction cystourethrogram (Case 1).
 Hepatic collections/abscesses after injection of contrast via PEG tube (thin arrows). Nasogastric tube seen in the gastric cavity (thin black arrow).
 Isodose curve showing coverage of the tumor in right side of nasopharynx in a patient treated by multiple fractions of stereotactic radiotherapy (target: green arrow; 90% isodose line: red arrow).
 Axial DCE-MRI subtracted image in a patient with a known right breast cancer (not seen at this level) and unsuspected abnormal left breast ductal enhancement (arrow). The lesion on the left was proven to be ductal carcinoma in situe (DCIS) on MRI-guided breast biopsy
 Dynamic computed tomography before treatment. White arrow represents the tumor stain.
 Postoperative brain magnetic resonance angiography showing complete obstruction of the right internal carotid artery.
 Radiographic examination of the pelvis and the lower limbs showed hypoplastic iliac bones, a hypoplastic left femur with subsequent development of femoral-tibial synostosis. Fixed flexion deformities of the knees was apparent, but with maximal intensity over the left knee. Bilateral fibular aplasia, the ankles showed defective ossification associated with hypoplasia of the distal phalange.
 Upper gastrointestinal series without the bezoar.
 Lucency around the tip of the hook (subacromial osteolysis).
 The case's axial CT scan demonstrating the target sign.
 Postanterior (PA) chest x-ray
 Ultrasound picture showing the inferior vena cava after the removal of the guidewire
 Axial FSE T2W MR image shows a homogeneous T2 hyperintense mass (arrow) occupying the left mastoid air cells and extending into the external auditory canal and middle ear.
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography scan of abdomen showing thickened gastric wall
 Preoperative kidney-ureter-bladder radiography image. The modified (by cutting a length of 9 cm from one end of the classical 25 cm full length) double J stent run from kidney to bladder was indicated with the red arrows.
 Intramural gas in a 71-year-old man with abdominal pain. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows gas dissecting within the bowel wall edge (arrow), consistent with pneumatosis intestinalis
 Panoramic view of the miniscrews afterinitiation of the active treatment
 Angiography of the AVM.
 Chest X-ray with prominent right cardiac border secondary to dilatation of the ascending aorta (double arrow) and absent aortic knob (arrow).
 Abdominal CT showing bilateral hydronephrosis with dilated renal pelvis
 Lateral radiograph demonstrate unnormal placement of bones fragments.
 Distal narrowed esophageal segment shows “tram-track appearance” with a central lucency bounded by barium on either side (arrow) in a case of primary achalasia
 Linear measurements of frontal sinus in the coronal plane (RW: width of the right sinus, LW: width of the left sinus, RH: height of the right sinus, and LH: height of the left sinus).
 Three months after flexible ureterorenoscopy, follow-up KUB radiography confirms the absence of any residual stones
 Measurement of the maximal thickness of SDH (a) and the extent of the ML shift (b). The extent of the ML shift was determined by measuring the distance from the ML of the cranium to the deviated point of the most posterior part of the third ventricle at the same level. SDH: subdural hemorrhage, ML: midline.
 After reduction of the volvulus, the cystic duct was cannulated for a cholangiogram. Notice the gangrenous changes of the pedicle and the gallbladder beyond the cannulation point of the cystic duct.
 3D VISTA T2-weighted sagittal MRI images of the pelvis. Images show a locally invasive tumor, with heterogeneous rather high intensity signal, most likely originating from the cervix with transmural invasion of the uterus. Invasion into the anterior part of the vagina, bladder, lumbosacral plexus, sacrum, and mesorectum. (The vagina, low/dark signal, was filled with a mixture of barium and gel at the start of the MRI examination for accurate evaluation of vaginal wall.)
 Abdominal computed tomography reveals a 5 × 3.7 cm pancreatic-tail mass with central necrosis and multiple lesions throughout the liver, with central low attenuation.
 MDCT angiography MIP image showing a single feeder of 5.5 mm in diameter, originating from right pulmonary artery and lobulated enhancing mass of 23.7 × 13.8 mm in relation to anterior segment of right lower lobe. A single venous drainage is seen to right inferior pulmonary vein
 Parasternal short axis view at the level of great vessels showing large aneurysm arising from left sinus of Valsalva
 Fludeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) image showing multiple intense FDG uptake in the bones: spine, ribs, both iliac bones and acetabulums, and diffuse bone marrow activation.
 Grossly dilated left ventricle with biventricular pacing wire present in right heart in the apical four-chamber view. LV left ventricle, MV mitral valve, RA right atrium, RV right ventricle
 Transthoracic echocardiogram depicting a thrombus (TB) in the right pulmonary artery and a flap at that level, which is consistent with pulmonary artery dissection. PAT: pulmonary artery trunk; and Ao: aorta.
 Postoperative orthopantomogram on the first follow-up visit following maxillary bone augmentation with iliac crest bone (blocks secured with two titanium screws each in the anterior maxilla). Titanium plate and screws in the mandible/maxilla were used for fixation during the bimaxillary osteotomy and screws in the left infraorbital area were used for fixation of an alloplastic facial implant for further masking of maxillary hypoplasia
 Abdomen contrast computed tomography shows tortous and engorged superior epigastric artery along the abdominal wall (arrows).
 Plain anteroposterior radiograph of the right shoulder demonstrating osteolysis in the tuberculum majus after rotator cuff refixation 11 months prior
 CT scan of patient showing dilated small bowel loops and part of the fetus.
 CT scan coronal view with gallbladder duplication(arrows).
 Postoperative lumbar computed tomography scan after the first surgery and before starting the denosumab therapy.
 Axial unenhanced CT of a CAPD patient with a ventral hernia (arrow) at a site of previous catheter insertion containing an incarcerated loop of small bowel causing a mechanical obstruction that required surgical intervention
 RI (T2 weighted images) of a cystic mass with a large extrapelvic component and demonstrating a small intrapelvic component. The mass depicts a predominantly fluid signal intensity without any evidence of soft tissue, calcification or fat.
 Axial section, computed tomography plain brain showed vein of Galen malformation with hyperdense thrombus in the periphery with relatively hypodense center. Foci of calcification seen in the periphery. Ventriculoperitoneal shunt tip noted in right lateral ventricle with mild reduction in the ventricular dilatation
 54-year-old man with severe aortic stenosis. Double-oblique reconstruction image of ECG-gated multidetector CT shows calcified tricuspid valve.
 A large hydatid cyst coming from the right lobe of the liver with the characteristic calcified ring around it
 Cardiac catheterization showing severe proximal RCA spasm.
 Ultrasound image in the coronal plane demonstrating aspiration of the meniscal cyst (arrow).
 Initial high-resolution computer tomography showing extensive fibrosis and ground glass pattern with midzone predominance, few areas of honeycombing and areas of paraseptal emphysema
 MRI in a case of multiple sclerosis
 CT scan of abdomen and thorax.
 Original mammogram (im. mdb209).
 TEE image of the LAA thrombus after 7 days of treatment with intravenous unfractionated heparin
 Axial slice on enhanced CT in the equilibrium phase. A low density area was detected in segment 4 of the liver (arrow)
 Chest computed tomography (CT) post intubation in the MICU shows interstitial pattern with traction bronchiectasis, opacities and a diffuse ground-glass pattern, bleb formation in marginal areas, airspace consolidation and fibrosis in the bilateral lung fields. The coronal views of chest CT.
 Pancreas showing multiple coarse calcific foci with dilated and tortuous main pancreatic duct (modified computed tomography score 4)
 A patient’s shoulder X-ray who treated with transoseous implant
 Image échographique montrant l'aorte (AO) prenant son origine dans le ventricule droit (VD)
 Nine months after the primary surgery. Nine months after the primary operation the patient presented with implant failure and thoracolumbar kyphosis.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of left hip at 6 months.
 CT Scan demonstrating a gastric duplication cyst
 A mercury thermometer with a stone form around it in the bladder: before the cystotomy
 A 74-year-old female with amiodarone pulmonary toxicity (APT) exhibiting a pulmonary interstitial fibrosis pattern. Computed tomography (CT) scans obtained at the level of both lower lobes revealed intralobular and interlobular septal thickenings in the peripheral regions of both lower lobes (arrowheads), and interlobular septal thickenings in the central and middle regions of the right lower lobe (arrows). The APT CT score was 4 on this CT section; the involved regions included the central, middle, and peripheral regions.
 Two days after intrauterine fetal death (at 33 weeks and 4 days of gestation), the placenta previa was studded with irregular high-echo regions.
 Axial lung CT showing left pleural calcification with mediastinal retraction, fibrosis and spinal cord air
 Pre-op MRI demonstrating an elongated bladder up to the level of urachus; a blind ending rectal pouch having no communication with the urogenital system; hydrometrocolpos; and absence of abdominal wall muscles.
 Follow-up radiograph after 12 months.
 (B) Fundus fluorescein angiography reveals the presence of leakage from the lesion characteristic of a classic choroidal neovascular membrane.
 Echographic signs of posterior scleritis: “T-sign” and posterior juxtrascleral fluid concentration.
 Abdominal computed tomography scan with intravenous and oral contrast (venous phase): two wedge-shaped areas of hypoenhancement, consistent with splenic infarcts, are present in the periphery of the spleen.
 Enhanced MRI showed swelling soft tissue around left orbit, and abscess (indicated by arrows). The signal on bone marrow of external wall of left orbit was intensified. MRI, magnetic resonance imaging.
 Multiple intensity projection image of F-18 Fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography (FDG PET/CT) images of a patient with disseminated Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis. FDG accumulation of bilateral cervical, mediastinal, abdominal, pelvic lymph nodes and multiple bone lesions are present
 Scanner thoracique en coupe coronale masse développée au dépend de la paroi thoracique
 Longitudinal power Doppler ultrasonogram of a patient with transplant pyelonephritis showing vascular hypoperfusion in the cortex
 Post-procedure portal venogram; the image shows the restoration of the shunt function after balloon angioplasty at the hepatic venous segment and an additional stent-graft. Transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt-biliary fistula is no more visualized.
 MRCP of the abdomen showed intra- and extrabiliary duct dilation and also dilation of the pancreatic duct (double duct sign), a prominence at the head of the pancreas and liver cysts.
 Sagittal, coronal and axial T1-weighted MR image showed slight hypo-intensity lesion similar to muscle and peripheral hypo-intensity ring.
 The CT image obtained 10 months later shows that the nodule migrates slowly upward and anteriorly in the liver (arrows).
 Excessive tilting of the IVC filter causes the hook of the filter to appear outside of the lumen of the IVC.
 Fluoroscopic image showing a 0.035-inch wire passed from the endoscope being snared from the percutaneous access in the anomalous transected right anterior bile duct.
 Brain magnetic resonance imaging revealed a single 40×35 mm tumor in the right mesial temporal region and a mass effect compression of the right lateral ventricle with transtentorial herniation
 Ureter visualization in NIR light after ICG administration during surgery.
 Selective subclavian angiogram. (B) Inability of the guide wire to pass through the completely occluded subclavian artery.
 Transesophageal echocardiography, transgastric level, 117°. Mosaic color flow was seen at the level of the LVOT during systole, suggestive of some LVOT obstruction. LA: left atrium; RV: right ventricle; LV: left ventricle; Ao: aorta; IVS: interventricular septum; SAM: systolic anterior motion.
 X-ray of chest of first case – ARDS following massive gastric content aspiration.Abbreviation: ARDS, adult respiratory distress syndrome.
 High-resolution computed tomographic image of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia, showing small nodular lesions surrounded by diffuse GGO
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance image showing extensive synovitis and rice bodies.
 Six-month follow-up radiograph
 Coupe scannographique axiale montrant un processus lésionnel centré sur l’écaille occipitale, latéralisé à droite, accompagné d'une infiltration méningée
 Computed tomography scan of the chest
 Chest radiograph taken seven months after the first operation (15 December 2015). Just a small area of parenchymal consolidation can be seen in the left lung
 Postoperative CT head with contrast after abscess evacuation
 Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the lower pole of the kidneys shows a less-enhancing lobulated tumor (arrow) in the left paraaortic area.
 Angiography of the patient reveals the exact level of dissection and aneurysm of abdominal aorta.
 Axial T2-weighted image showes a hyperintense lesion in the right petrous apex.
 Anteroposterior film confirming that the elbow is reduced.
 Pulmonary nodule with spiculated margins and „halo sign”.
 Clinical manifestations of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Chest radiography performed in a child with RSV bronchiolitis revealed bilateral hyperinflation from air trapping, patchy atelectasis from airway plugging, and peribronchial thickening from lymphomonocytic infiltration. Patients with severe disease may also have features more consistent with pneumonia, with areas of interstitial parenchymal infiltration.
 Heartworks transthoracic echocardiography simulator and the corresponding echocardiographic anatomic image
 Gray-scale ultrasound for the evaluation of tumor heterogeneity. The extent of central tumor necrosis is significantly underestimated by gray-scale ultrasound compared to elastography.
 New document containing the series of images.
 Contrast Enhanced Axial CT of the Celiac Artery Dissection with Dual Lumens.
 Radiograph chest posteroanterior view
 Fallopian tube carcinoma in a 45-year-old woman. CT image demonstrates omental involvement (arrows) as infiltration of the fat, nodularity, and coalescence of the nodules form an omental cake
 Example of Emergency Room Arteriography using the Lodox Statscan. Notice the occlusions at the proximal region of interest, and distal to this.
 Computed tomography scan showing a huge tumor with tissue and cystic components.
 Angiography 8 weeks after the operation
 High-resolution CT scanning in a 27 year old patient with homozygous ΔF508 CF. Bilateral upper lobe bronchiectasis is evident, with mosaicism. The scan also showed extensive emphysema.
 Intraoperative finding - arrow showing the everting aortocoronary dissection
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the case 2 done within 2 days showing marked hypoxia with cerebral edema with cerebral atrophy following seizure
 A postcontrast computed tomographic scan showed a huge primary calcified GIST (arrows) with a cystic component.
 Chest radiograph shows a small right hemithorax, with increased opacity throughout the right lung and ipsilateral tracheal and mediastinal shift
 X-ray of right hand, severe degenerative changes at the fourth PIP joint with medial subluxation of the middle phalanx, and periosteal reaction.
 Figure 3 shows the FLAIR sequence of cranial magnetic resonance imaging with resolution of the extensive white matter abnormalities.
 MRI was normal at the postoperative period.
 A large mass (arrow) in close contact with the iliac bone represented a pseudotumor.
 The anatomical changes of the lateral compartment in valgus knee
 Radiographic examination 8 months after the original injury showing a nonunion of the epicondylar fragment extending distally and communicating with the joint
 Image scannographique de la masse au niveau de la face antérieure de la vessie
 Aspect échographique de kystes rénaux
 Anteroposterior abdominal radiography demonstrating radiopaque, elongated structures in the region of the bowel loops (arrow) and gaseous distention of small bowel loop in the center of the abdomen.
 Contrast-enhanced axial CT shows the displacement of left aortic sinus (bold yellow arrow) and left coronary artery (thin red arrow).
 Maxillary occlusal radiograph showing mildly diffused rarefactions of the right side palatal bone
 Head-symphysis distance on transperineal ultrasound. Ultrasound images demonstrating fetal head-symphysis distance measurements (head-symphysis distance, 32 mm). The head-symphysis distance is the distance between the inferior edge of the symphysis pubis to the nearest point of the fetal skull along a line passing perpendicular to the long axis of the symphysis pubis.
 Ultrasonogram of the left forearm showing well-defined cystic lesions
 Sonography confirms residual stenosis
 Transmission electron microscopy of strain ZYK. Scale bar corresponds to 1.0 μm.
 Chest-x-ray demonstrating unusual course of Swan-Ganz catheter (arrows) with its distal end in the proximal pulmonary artery. Note the course of the catheter into the heart on the left side of the spine, rather than the right side via the normal anatomic position of the superior vena cava.
 Post-expansion coronal slice at the central groove of the maxillary first molar, with the expansion screw in the center.
 Prenatal ultrasound showing the neck mass.
 T1-weighted gadolinium enhanced magnetic resonance imaging revealing a tumor signal in the deep lobe of the parotid gland.
 Cardiac catheterization, right anterior oblique projection with 25 degrees of caudal angulation; showing 100% left anterior descending occlusion, 90% occlusion of the circumflex, and 95% occlusion of the obtuse marginals 1 and 2.
 Hepatic angiography of the liver shows no definite tumor staining in the liver parenchyme. Lipiodol test injection was performed (Case 1).
 Axial T2 FLAIR image shows bilateral symmetrical subcortical and basal ganglia hyperintensities. Diffuse cortical atrophic changes are also seen
 Postoperative followup dynamic magnetic resonance T1-weighted imaging of the remnant pancreas depicting the main as well as the secondary pancreatic duct (arrow and arrowhead resp.) draining the remaining dorsal pancreas at the level of the double pancreaticojejunal anastomosis.
 CT scan demonstrating a stone within an area of bowel.
 Transgastric two chamber view
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the cervical spine. Enlargement of the left C3-4 foramen was observed (arrows).
  The thorax computed tomography of the patient.
 Two-dimensional echocardiography, a modified subcostal saggital view showing thrombus attached to the catheter tip in the right atrium (RA)
 A 6-year-old patient after a Glenn procedure. The additional left superior vena cava is closed by Amplatzer Vascular Plug 4
 Radiograph of the pelvis showing multiple sclerosis lesions scattered in the pelvis and the upper end of the femur.
 Postoperative axial computed tomographic scan demonstrates the complete removal of bullet.
 Computed tomography scan image revealing a significant dilatation of the stomach with bezoar and the proximal duodenum
  Computed tomography scan demonstrating spontaneous resolution of the previously demonstrated unilateral hyperplasia of the occipitocondylar.
 CT pulmonary angiogram revealed a saddle embolus extending into the main, lobar, and segmental pulmonary arterial branches bilaterally with massive clot burden and near complete occlusion of the right main and branch pulmonary arteries.
 CT picture upper thorax showing subcutaneous emphysema (marked in this picture with white arrows)
 Flailed mitral valve. Flailed posterior mitral leaflet (arrow). Note the presence of a small pericardial effusion (arrowhead) and larger left pleural effusion (asterisk)
 Noncontrast computerized tomography orbit, bone window view showing fracture of orbital roof with frontal bone fracture
 Fat-suppressed T1W MRI image showing a dilated calyx with significant urothelial thickening (arrow)
 MRI: Thickening of the duodenal frame with associated cystic area. MRI = Magnetic resonance imaging
 60-year-old female with suspected hepatic metastasis. Gadolinium-enhanced T1 MRI showing some enhancement within the mass.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the liver transplant after resection with no evidence of recurrent disease.
 Still from a bSSFP cine (real‐time) sequence in a 33‐week fetus with a large left atrial mass (arrowed). The MRI differential diagnosis included myxoma, haemangioma or rhabdomyoma. The latter was confirmed postnatally. RA, right atrium; RA, right ventricle; LV, left ventricle
 A 49-year-old man presenting a pancreatic neoplasia with peritoneal carcinomatosis. Axial T2W TSE fat-suppressed MRI shows two hepatic pericapsular implants of peritoneal carcinomatosis (arrowheads), biconvex, in high signal iontensity.
 The MRI showed a destructive lesion in posterior part of calcaneus.
 Navigator-gated 3D fat-suppressed DE-CMR shows signal reduction of coronary arteries simultaneously.
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen showing a mixed attenuation mass of the head of pancreas.
 CT scan of the abdomen, showing a calcified hydatid liver cyst, with a fistulous track extending into the thoracic intercostal space.
 Coronal T1 weighted MRI section of the tumour demonstrating the salt-and-pepper appearances of flow voids and vascular stasis within the vascular tumour
 Dilated loops of jejunum.
 Patient 7: x-ray of bone grafts (the image shows the cross section of bone).
 Sagittal ultrasonographic image of the bladder neck. A membrane-like structure is seen crossing the lumen of the bladder neck, extending from the mucosa of the dorsal wall to the mucosa of the ventral wall. The vesicourethral junction is not clear. Cranial is to the left of the image
 Echocardiograph shows segmental analysis of left ventricle after 2D speckle tracking from the apical fourchamber view.
 An orthopantomogram showing supplemental maxillary central incisor on left side.
 Acute pericardial tamponade diastolic collapse of the right ventricle is noted on subxiphoid view. RA, right atrium; LV, left ventricle; LA, left atrium
 False lumen disappeared under DSA right after graft-stent was inserted into place.
 Plain abdominal radiograph showing the position of a single nail in the abdomen.
 Intra-oral periapical radiograph of mandibular left side of the patient showing impacted succedaneous and supernumerary teeth with malformed crown and root
 Axial CT section of the abdomen after injection of iodinated contrast medium during the portal phase. ‘Targeted’ aspect in ileal loop (arrows) is observed, suggesting intestinal intussusception.
 An endometriotic nodule visualised in the rectovaginal septum during SVG (nodule outlined with ∗).
 Endobronchial ultrasound image of subcarinal area shows the mass with transbronchial needle aspiration needle in it. The mass appears as homogeneous well-defined round structure, in the upper part of image, with specs of calcification (whitish dots) in it
 The chest CT scan performed at the end of the dose-dense chemotherapy showed a very good partial response, with a reduction of the mediastinal bulk (2.6×1.8 cm).
 Axial non-contrast CT scan showing air (arrows) in bilateral pelvicalyceal system suggestive of bilateral emphysematous pyelitis. Mild perinephric stranding is seen bilaterally with subcutaneous edema and stranding in right abdominal wall muscles (arrowhead)
 Shoulder MRI. (A) T1-weighted image, frontal plane. (B) T1-weighted image, transverse plane. Supraspinatus tendon tear (arrow) T1-weighted image, transverse plane. Subscapularis tendon tear (arrow).
 Bilateral temporal lobe flair hyperintensity with occipital sparing
 Chest X-ray (anterior-posterior view) of the patient
 Lateral lumbar X-ray view. Note the suspicious area of increased sclerosis in the anterior half of the sacral base.
 Antero-posterior radiograph showing spur development in the left angle of the mandible.
 From patient #3. A sagittal midline image following catheter removal and long-term therapy with broad-spectrum antibiotics. There is interval resolution of the abscess previously seen in Fig. 1. The sigmoid is no longer displaced from the posterior pelvis
 MRI scan demonstrating: (a) high signal in the caudate nucleus and (b) cortical ribboning.
  Multiloculate cystic fluid density mass (lymphangiomas) in the anterior mediastinum.
 Inhomogeneous structure with low echogenicity: brachial muscle rupture.
 Axial section of computed tomography of thethorax showing possible location of the pleuro-pleural communication (arrow)
 Pre-operative radiograph showing right hip osteoarthritic changes.
 72-year-old male with a swelling in the mandible and the left lower leg, diagnosed with multiple myeloma. Conventional panoramic radiography reveals a multilocular radiolucency extending from 4 cm short of the right and the left angle of the mandible, across the midline, missing lower left canine, displacement of teeth, and resorption of the roots (arrowheads).
 Abdominal computed tomography showing the large retropancreatic tumor.
 CT showed hypodense lesions in the right basal ganglia.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen showing a large cystic lesion (C) abutting the Liver (L) and the Duodenum (D).
 Contrast enhanced CT scan of the abdomen revealing pancreatic calcifications (red arrow) and mass in the body of pancreas (green arrow).
 The echocardiogram showed asymmetric left ventricular hypertrophy, with a maximum thickness of 29.7 mm in the posterior median septum, with no obstruction in the left ventricular outflow tract.
 Right Lumbar Kidney. Transverse view of the pelvis reveals the ectopic right kidney. The collecting system is anterior from incomplete rotation of the kidney.
 Angioscanner de contrôle réalisé é après deux ans de suivi, montrant un pontage fémoro-fémoral périnéal perméable
 Transaxial slices of PET/CT showing FDG avid lesions in the liver and left suprarenal suggestive of hepatic and adrenal metastasis
 CT brain scan.
 The guide-wire as visualized on ultrasonography.The guide-wire (*) is observed in the long-axis view.
 Mammography imaging of the kidney demonstrates a Randall plaque opacity at the center of the radiograph. Spiculated calcified tracks lead into the papillary tissue away from the plaque.
 MRI scan of the thorax shows a tumour at the left pleural cupula.
 Axial section from the computed tomographic pulmonary angiogram showing a thrombus in the azygos vein (arrow).
 MDCT angiography showing the location of CoA in a 2-month-old (A) boy (arrow).
 Lateral view of the right humerus 18 months postoperatively.
 Panoramic view reveals multiple KCOT’s in patient with inherited GGS (daughter of T.S.)
 Postoperative X ray showing the implant positions in the mandible where the teeth were extracted and ridge preservation was accomplished
 The coronal view of a 24-year-old patient shows an isolated zygomatical fracture on the right side. Red arrows demonstrate the fracture lines.
 Magnetic resonance imaging brain, contrast-enhanced sagittal section image showing large heterogeneous enhancement mass in sellar-suprasellar region
 Coupe sagittale pondérée T1 montrant une masse vaginale en continuité avec le col utérin (observation 1)
 Distal clavicular fracture, osteolysis and screw loosening in a patient treated with the synthetic ligament (LARS LAC®)
 Axial GRE-heme sequence MRI 8 months after diagnosis, during presentation with status epilepticus.
 Noncontrast CT scan obtained 3 years later shows subdural hemorrhage (white arrowheads) along the left cerebral convexity, with associated mass effect. The hypodense lesion involving the right frontal lobe (black arrow) has increased in size
 The functional spinal unit angle (α) was examined on lateral radiographs and was formed by lines drawn at the superior end plate of the cephalad vertebral body and at the inferior end plate of the caudal body. Disc height was defined based on the average values of the anterior disc height (a) and the posterior disc height (b)
 Migration of the band to the lumen of gastrostintestinal tract localized in the small intestine on RTG
 Parameters measured in the study: alveolar crest (A), base of mandible (B), median reference line (C), and position of mental foramen (X)
 Ovary with typical polycystic morphology, expressed as peripheral arrangement of multiple ovarian follicles with a diameter of 7 mm
 Chest X-ray PA view. Chest X-ray showed marked overdistension of the the left upper lobe with mediastinal shift to the right and collapse of the ipsilateral remaining lung field.
 HRCT of the chest in parenchymal window and in axial section reveals bronchiectasis and dextrocardia
  Intraoperative lateral fluoroscopic image demonstrating near anatomic reduction of the L5–S1 spondylolisthesis following instrumentation from L4–S1.
 Axillary view shows locked right posterior shoulder dislocation
 85-year-old male with abdominal pain diagnosed with right adrenal carcinoma. Coronal contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan shows a large, lobulated, right upper quadrant mass with heterogeneous enhancement (arrows) and nonspecific central areas of necrosis (arrowhead).
 Fluoroscopic view demonstrating optimal radiolucent tube positioning directly over disc space.
 Post-op OPG with impacted teeth expected to erupt over a period of time
 Radiograph showing the incomplete root formation of the supernumerary teeth.
 Panoramic radiograph of the patient aged 18 years after the extraction of all supernumerary teeth and third molars.
 MRI axial-T1w.
 Panoramic Radiography (PR) for initial orthodontic treatment, showed second premolar agenesis (mandibular left region—35) and a second molar (mandibular right) apparently overlaid on the third molar, see that this tooth has more advanced root development than their congeners.
 CT abdomen and pelvis coronal view with IV contrast illustrating right sided femoral hernia containing small bowel and small bowel obstruction.
 Cystogram showing a high-standing bladder due to the massive retropubic hematoma. Note the large distance of the bladder border to the pelvic rim
 Lateral oblique fluoroscopic view of needles in the clavicle.
 Alternating pattern of absent lung sliding with normal lung sliding
 Radiograph at one year after the final I and D showing the cement spacer that the patient was asked to “live with.”
  Coronal FDG-PET image in a patient with an hepatic metastasis from colorectal cancer (straight arrow). A retro-peritoneal deposit undetected by CT is also seen (curved arrow). (Note normal myocardial and bladder activity.)
 CT scan (axial view) showing a lesion of 3.4 cm × 2.4 cm in size with well-defined margins. The lesion is strongly enhancing inhomogenously on contrast administration, with surrounding perifocal edema and mass effect
 Example of false negative adjacent vessel sign. Invasive cancer of left breast without adjacent vessel sign. No adjacent vessels could be visualized after application of contrast agent.
 Transperitoneal longitudinal scan. Distance between subpubic line and interspinal line. Subpubic line (in blue) runs perpendicular to inferior edge of the symphysis (level -3). Red line: a line running at the level of the ischial spines (level 0)
 The repeat trans-thoracic echocardiogram is shown. The arrow points to the vegetation seen on the mitral valve. LV = Left ventricle. LA = Left atrium.
 CT photograph showing normal abdomen
 Plain abdominal radiograph. The retained guide wire is seen from the inferior vena cava (red arrow) up to the right femoral vein (blue arrow)
 Axial chest computerized tomography scan demonstrating subcutaneous free air throughout the chest secondary to a pneumothorax.
  Right eye microperimetry. Stable extra-foveal fixation with good sensitivity area (green zone) in a patient with myopic maculopathy
 Myocardial Perfusion defect. Under stress conditions an area of reduced signal intensity is observed in the septal and anterior walls of the left ventricle, consistent with disease in the coronary arteries supplying these regions. Image courtesy of John Greenwood [43]. (See Additional file 1 for perfusion movie).
 The arterial seagull of the CHA dividing into the GDA going towards the pancreas (3 O'clock) and the HAP going towards the liver (11 O'clock) is seen. The CHA is traversing through a mass which is encasing the PV also
 Fluoroscopy in the LAO view shows hemiazygos venous continuation to persistent LSVC and draining to coronary sinus. PLSVC- Persistent left superior vena cava, CS-coronary sinus catheter, HIS- HIS bundle catheter, RA- right atrial catheter, RV- right ventricle catheter
 Postoperative radiograph showing the separation and divergence of the 4-rooted maxillary second molar.
 Periapical radiograph for confirmation the presence of the impacted tooth. aA. Nasal cortical; B. Sinusal cortical (both corticals compose the Ennis inverted Y), the arrow points to dilaceration with possible apical ankylosis; C. Bone loss with fibrous scar, possibly due to two previous surgeries.
 Panoramic radiographic image (a full set of permanent teeth is present).
 24-month followup IOPA radiograph.
 Non-contrast head CT of infant demonstrating soft tissue fluid collection. The Hounsfield units were consistent with water/ CSF. No fractures were identified
 Occlusal view shows a circular radiolucency with a thin discontinuous cortication present on the buccal aspect of the maxilla.
 Intraoperative cholangiogram demonstrates fusiform CC (D), filling defect, the common channel dilatation, pancreaticobiliary reflux (P), intrahepatic bile duct (B)
 Hypoplastic lower right limb with malformed foot (arrow).
 Magnetic resonance angiography of brain showing fusiform dilation of basilar artery and the segment of bilateral internal carotid arteries
 CT chest revealing right sided nonresolving consolidation
 Set-up for the measurement of alpha particle energy loss: the targets are placed in a vacuum chamber on x-movable table while the alpha particles source and detector are on y-movable arm. Such set-up allows target scan without chamber opening
 MRI of the brain. Bilateral basal ganglia lesions with increased T2 signal intensity.
 Control postcontrast sagital T2 weighted image of tongue, six months after the procedure, showing a small remnant of the cavernous haemangioma (white arrow).
 MRI head. These FLAIR images (pre top and post-contrast below) show a dural based mass lesion causing significant mass effect in the left hemisphere. It has a lobulated contour and indents the adjacent cortex. There is extensive vasogenic oedema in the subcortical white matter and there is effacement of the left lateral ventricle. No other lesion was identified.
 Penile Doppler showed no flow into the corpora cavernosa
 Lateral skull radiograph shows the bar penetrating the orbit and emerging from the occipital bone.
 The initial IMRT plan isodose lines (with the doses in the upper left corner).
 DSA in AP (3a) and oblique (3b) projections showing an 8 × 6-mm fusiform left PICA aneurysm (black arrow) at the tonsillomedullary segment (caudal loop)
 Radiographic appearance of traumatic posterior dislocation of the hip
 Abdominal CT scan reveals multiple nodular masses in mesentery and small bowel causing luminal narrowing (sagittal section).
 Computerized tomographic imaging of patient's thorax at presentation. A computerized tomogram of the patient's thorax performed soon after admission demonstrating multiple paravertebral and pleural based masses with epidural extension.
 Decreased Bcl-2 protein expression in the MDMA+SCH group. Lane number 1: SCH, 2: MDMA + SCH, 3: Control, 4: MDMA, 5: MDMA + GCS, 6: GCS.
 Axial CT scan of the chest, pulmonary window. Abscess of staphylococcal etiology in the lower lobe of the left lung.
 Radiography of hip after seizures showing left acetabular fracture (Case 1).
 Axial section of contrast-enhanced CT of the bladder shows a fat-fluid level (black arrow) within the bladder, consistent with chyluria.
 Orthopantomography showing radiopacity of the left maxillary sinus.
 Anteroposterior magnetic resonance image.
 Endosonographic findings of a tumour in the pancreatic tail. A hypoechoic tumour 20 mm in diameter with distinct borders was seen in the pancreatic tail on endoscopic ultrasound.
 Showing SEMa image of Hydrogel nanoparticles
 CT scan of patient 4. The CT scan shows the massive pulmonary metastases and a left-sided pneumothorax.
 Radiological evaluation of the spinal cord. MRI T1 Gad sagittal image demonstrated the diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement (arrows). MRI = magnetic resonance imaging.
 No swelling of retropharyngeal space.
 Computed tomography angiography (axial view) of the abdomen displaying posterior divisions of renal veins draining into the hemiazygos and azygos veins respectively. 1 posterior division of renal vein, 2 anterior division of renal vein, 3 inferior vena cava, 4 azygos vein, 5 hemiazygos vein
 Post-contrast axial T1-weighted sequence in a 79-year-old man demonstrates a large, homogeneously enhancing extra axial mass within the right occipital lobe that extends into and expands the posterior aspect of the superior sagittal sinus (arrow) and crosses the midline into the paramedian left occipital lobe. Posteriorly, the mass extends into the adjacent skull with erosion of the outer table. Histology at surgery was a meningioma (grade III)
 MRI of the central nervous system 3 months after amoxicillin treatment and posaconazole initiation. The imaging shows total regression of the cerebellar lesion
 Patient with bilateral carotid occlusive disease who has had a right extracranial-intracranial bypass shunt surgery.
 T1 weighted post contrast sequence in axial plane shows hypointense foci (arrow) in the pons with sparing of the periphery without any appreciable enhancement and FLAIR sequence in axial plane
 Single photon emission tomography/computed tomography (coronal plain) showing the urinoma with the primary recto-sigmoid tumor (arrow)
 Weight-bearing long limb films. Femoral-tibial angle measured was 175° and anatomical distal femoral angle was 86°.
 Chest X-ray anteroposterior – extended shadow caused by enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes.
 T2W image on the same level as Fig. 3: characteristic signal void appearance of fungal sinusitis is seen in the left sphenoid sinus. Signal void on the right side represents air.
 CT scan of the orbit-axial and coronal images showing air seen as hypodensities (white arrows) within the left orbit
 Computed tomography scan showing ventriculo peritoneal shunt inside the ventricle
 Computed tomography image indicating the appropriate (arrow A) and incorrect (arrow B) direction for placement of the drainage catheter. Choosing the latter route may result in traversing the peritoneal recessus and leakage of the necrotic material into the peritoneal cavity
 Chest radiograph (20 days of life) showing bilateral diffuse alveolar opacities.
 The left parotid. Small well-defined hypoechoic lesions (arrowheads) are seen within the parenchyma of the relatively hyperechoic left parotid gland.
 The common hepatic artery lies just outside the hepatoduodenal ligament and in this case the common hepatic artery is seen dividing into the hepatic artery proper and gastroduodenal artery. This division gives an appearance of vascular seagull when seen from duodenum. GDA: Gastro duodenal artery, PHA: Proper hepatic artery, CHA: Common hepatic artery
 CT of chest showing peripheral nodular and patchy infiltrates in both lung fields
 Example of maturity stage 3 in a male aged 17 years. Arrow highlights completed fusion of the epiphysis to the metaphysis.
 Cholangiogram showing the guide wire (arrow) during unsuccessful attempts to cross the anastomotic obstruction.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph showing well-defined irregularly shaped sclerotic masses corresponding to the roots of left first and second permanent molar teeth of mandible
 A contrast-enhanced computed tomography chest showing large heterogeneous tracheoesophageal lymph node with narrowing of tracheal and esophageal lumen
 Axial CT scan showing intrapedicular screw placement
 OS (Left eye) red free fundus photograph
 See Video 1, Supplemental Digital Content 1. Indocyanine green was directly injected into the lymph nodes of the flap. The arrow indicates that the fluorescence drained into the pedicle vein, http://links.lww.com/PRSGO/A127.
 Chest X-ray 16 months before the initial visit. A chest X-ray from a school physical examination 16 months before the initial visit showed no obvious abnormal shadow.
 Coupe scanographique axiale montrant un Double arc aortique encerclant l’axe oesotrachéal
 Right ventricle (RV) angiogram. Angiographic catheter advanced antegrade via femoral sheath and into RV and demonstrates Melody valve in proper position.
 Contrast-enhanced axial computed tomography scan showing a lytic destructive lesion involving left anterior mandibular region with external soft tissue component measuring 4.1 cm × 6.8 cm in size
 Starch hydrolysis on starch agar
 Orthopantomograph showing a unilocular radiolucency involving the right maxilla with tooth displacement and root resorption
 Axial computerized tomography section at the level of the pelvis showing high-density fluid with a suspicious heterogeneous mass on the right side. Punctate hyperdensity (arrow) represents an active bleeding
 Surgical removal of sclerosed bone
 MR angiogram of brain reveals occlusion of distal most ends of internal carotid artery and its bifurcation as well as in the proximal portion of anterior cerebral artery and middle cerebral artery on both sides.
 Computed tomographic scan with 3-dimensional reconstruction view of planned Le Fort I impaction. The numbers indicate movement of the maxilla in the superior vector (millimeters).
 Colour Doppler view of the dissection flap in the descending aorta with left-sided pleural effusion.
 Breast mammogram. Right breast mammogram showing an increase in density on the right breast with abnormal skin thickening in the periareolar area and associated microcalcifications.
 A 51-year-old female with an 8-year history of type 2 diabetes. Soft plaques were identified in the left descending coronary artery with an eccentric and unsmooth surface (black arrow). CT value was 28 Hu.
 The snare was kept tightened, and then it was pushed toward catheter’s tip in order to release fibrin. No port displacement is visible.
 Anteroposterior pelvis films showing the anatomic deformation of dysplastic hips. H - pelvic height (the distance between the highest point of the iliac crest to the line across the bottom edges of the bilateral ischial tuberosity), L - ischium height (the distance from the teardrop to the line across the bottom edges of bilateral ischial tuberosity).
 Kirschner wire migrating through distal cortical wall in a femur. Secondary bowing of the bone marginal to the distal end of the wire
 Longitudinal USG image shows complete transection of the radial nerve following old penetrating trauma. Note the amputation neuromas at both the cut ends seen as bulbous lesions
 CT scan axial view that shows a right parapharyngeal abscess
 Hysterosalpingograph showing double cervix in the 31-year-old female being investigated for secondary infertility
 Ultrawidefield angiography of the left eye demonstrates irregularly staining hyperfluorescent lesion anterior to the equator in the temporal region.
 Fibroelastoma of the aortic valve; short axis view transesophageal echocardiography.
 A Snapshot Image Which Demonstrating two Different Calcified Masses Before Left Ventriculography. (Arrows)
 Assessment of the number of roots and their morphology and the number of canals and their configuration on CBCT scan
 Medial meniscus of a subject with advanced osteoarthritis of the medial compartment of the knee. In this case we can observe parameniscal fluid collection (asterisk), osteophytes of both the femur and tibia, advanced meniscus degeneration with loss of the typical triangular shape of the meniscus (thin white line), and marked inhomogeneity of the US structure. In the meniscus we can observe thin linear hyperechogenic deposits (arrowheads) that could be due to CPPD deposits. In this case only a part of the medial meniscus could be adequately visualized, with the risk of missing other, more characteristic, deposits that could facilitate diagnosis. CPPD crystals were present in this meniscus, but we were not able to define whether these lines were due to CPPD crystals or not.
  T2-weighted sagittal magnetic resonance imaging performed 6 months postoperatively after patient presented with recurrent symptoms. Note that no persistent and/or recurrent stenosis apparent at the C5–C6, C6–C7 level.
 PET/CT showing extensive hypermetabolic mediastinal adenopathy.
 CT scan of the chest showing a nodular opacity adjacent to the pleural surface, located in the right lower lobe.
 Radiographie montrant la luxation antero-inferieur gauche
 Coupe axiale sans injection (TDM du bassin): érosion des bords de l’articulation sacro-iliaque gauche prédominant au niveau du versant iliaque et ostéolyse sacrée s’étendant au trou sacré homolatéral
 Image from CT scan showing a transition point in the right lower quadrant.
 Pre- and post-manipulation radiographs of a 33-year-old lady with a right distal radius fracture
 Postcontrast sagittal CT demonstrating air in the prevertebral space (short arrow) and spinal canal (long arrow).
 Cone-beam computed tomography image horizontal section showing canal morphology
 Image showing the bottom of Koch's triangle with an ablation lesion in the area of slow pathway as visualized by echo-contrast infusion.
 Chest X-ray of the patient shows bilateral interstitial infiltrates
 Abdominal CT scan shows lower left renal mass (arterial phase).
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the pelvis showing fluid accumulation (arrow) at the tensor fascia lata.
 Depiction of region of interest (ROI) placement on a calculus and the information obtained. In this example, 1437.9/902.7/1063.3 represents the Hounsfield unit (HU) values at 80 kV, 140 kV, and the weighted average HU value, respectively. The dual-energy ratio is calculated by dividing the mean HU value at 80 kV by the mean HU value at 140 kV.
 X-ray pelvis (anteroposterior view) of skeletally mature 48 year-old male patient showing transverse fracture with inward subluxation of left hip.
  Computed tomography scan showing a 10 × 14-mm cystic neoplasm (arrow) in the proximal body of the pancreas.
  Long axis transesophageal echocardiogram showing absence of a posterior valve leaflet. AMV, accessory mitral valve.
 Severe hepatic steatosis. Axial unenhanced CT image shows a decreased hepatic attenuation in comparison with spleen (S). Note how hepatic vessels (dotted arrows) stand out against steatotic liver
 Left coronary artery angiogram. LMCA at the beginning of the first procedure
 Radiograph of an illustrative case 4 years post operation.
 Aortic angiography showing no bronchial compression by the aorta
 Oblique-coronal multiplanar reconstruction of contrast-enhanced CT scan of a 33-year-old woman with a descending necrotising mediastinitis. Hypodense para-aortic areas correspond with fluid-collections (arrows) that extend to the retroperitoneum. Pleural effusion in the fissure is also be seen (open arrow). Note the visceral space involvement (arrowhead)
 Computerized tomographic scan of patient 1 demonstrating a large tumor.
 Doppler examination: thrombosis of the left common iliac vein.
 Axial T1W post contrast MRI image shows enhancing soft tissue thickening in right epidural space corresponding to metabolic activity seen on FDG PET CT image
 Contrast-enhanced MRI brain showing enhancing basal exudates in the perichiasmal region (arrow) with moderate dilatation of lateral and third ventricles and aqueductal obstruction
 X-ray of pelvis was taken after injecting two mL of contrast through balloon channel of Foley catheter. The Foley balloon was located in scrotum (arrow) and not inside urinary bladder.
 Pre-operative x-ray showing anterior hip dislocation on left side
 73-year-old female with spindle-cell sarcoma. Initial MRI study. Sagittal T1 fat-suppressed contrast enhanced image of the left knee shows a tangle of vessels in the subcutaneous soft tissues posterior to the neurovascular bundle and medial head of gastrocnemius musculature. Extension over proximal calf (arrow) with marked enhancement on the postcontrast images (arrow) was erroneously thought to represent a venous angioma.
 Celiac angiography shows a large cavitary lesion which is supplied by hepatic.
 Proximal shortness, thick and short diaphyses, large and irregular metaphyses, and punctate calcifications in the epiphyses in the long bones and coronal clefts not included in the vertebral bodies.
 Lateral fluoroscopic image of all 3 implants in place.
 Initial chest computed tomography (arrow: fractured fragment of 7th rib).
 Follow-up intra-oral periapical radiograph of 34 after 9 months showing eruptive tooth movement
 PET-CT scan shows both pulmonary and hepatic disease progression (orange and red arrows, respectively).
 Abdominal ultrasonography on the 1st admission shows distended gallbladder with internal debris and sludge materials.
 Preoperative chest X-ray of patient showing collapsed lung with intercostal chest drain in situ
 Promastigotes of Paleoleishmania neotropicum in the foregut of Lutzomyia adiketis. Bar = 7 μm.
 Pulmonary contusion in the right lung. CT of the chest obtained shortly after trauma showing opacity in the right middle lobe consistent with a pulmonary contusion.
 This is a sagittal T1 post-contrast MRI demonstrating enhancement and a well-defined pocket of fluid signal intensity in the posterior aspect of the spinal canal at the mid L4 level.
 Computed tomography of the sinus spiral. Computed tomography of the sinus spiral showing a pansinusitis and diffuse bone destruction of craniofacial bone.
 The Onyx cast present in the paired lumbar vessels causing the Type 2 endoleak.
 Abdominal computed tomography shows an enterolith (white arrow) measuring 3 cm in the proximal afferent loop.
 Contrast-enhanced CT scans of the lung. A small pulmonary embolism in the left upper lobe was identified.
 Preoperative X-rays according to Merchant view in 45° of flexion with quadriceps tension. (1) Patellofemoral angle. (2) Congruence angle. (3) Sulcus angle.
 Ultrasound image of the lateral femoral cutaneous nerve in the short axis. FL: fascia lata, FI: fascia iliaca, N: lateral femoral cutaneous nerve, SM: Sartorius muscle.
 33-year-old woman with spontaneous pneumomediastinum. CT of the chest at the level of pulmonary trunk (lung window) demonstrating air (arrows) in the anterior chest wall and also in the mediastinum.
 Fetus in the 26th gestational week of pregnancy with multiple rhabdomyoma
 29-year-old female patient with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome due to eclampsia.Axial FLAIR image shows multiple hyperintense lesions in cortices and white matter of both occipital lobes (thin arrows). There is also focal hyperintense lesion in right portion of splenium (thick arrow). FLAIR = fluid-attenuated inversion recovery
 Sagittal slice showing the measurement of cage position (a white line showing the deviation of the cage center from the disc center).
 39-year-old man with S. pneumoniae pneumonia. CT shows air-space consolidation in left lower lobe.
 CTA showing right pulmonary vein drainage to the inferior vena cava.
 Segmentation of the hippocampal body, including the parts of subiculum contiguous with the hippocampus.
 CT image of fatty liver disease.Notes: Axial nonenhanced CT image showing the liver (*) with lower attenuation than the vessels (white arrow). A region of interest was placed in the liver and spleen (circles). Attenuation of the liver and spleen was 5 HU and 40 HU, respectively, in keeping with more than 50% fatty liver disease.Abbreviations: CT, computed tomography; HU, Hounsfield units.
 Differences between ‘unaffected' siblings and controls with no family history of autism in the neural response to happy versus neutral faces. Activation differences (means±s.e.m.) between the functional magnetic resonance imaging response to happy and neutral faces in adolescents with autism (n=40), unaffected siblings (n=40) and controls (n=40). Activation map corrected for multiple comparisons at P<0.05 family-wise error corrected, and overlaid onto a three-dimensional-rendered template brain within MRIcron. STS, superior temporal sulcus.
 Radiograph of an illustrative case 1 year post operation.
 CT chest.
 A 48-year-old man with hepatocellular carcinoma. Axial unenhanced CT image of the abdomen showing a hepatic mass on the right lobe with hyperattenuating components suggesting acute bleeding.
 Coupe sagittale pondérée en T1 après injection de gadolinium: on ne note pas de rehaussement de la portion solide ou des septas intra lésionnels
 Prominent Eustachian valve (arrowhead) making an apparent cor triatriatum dexter. LA: left atrium, LV: left ventricle, RA: right atrium, RV: right ventricle.
 Endocardial vegetation stack on the right coronary cusp.
 MRI sella at 1 year interval shows no significant change
 Technetium-99m thyroid scan showing a nonhomogeneous uptake pattern and multiple nonfunctioning thyroid nodules located throughout the bilateral thyroid glands.
 Preoperative videofluorographic examination of barium swallowing.
 Coronal CT image showing pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphysema.
 Whole body scintigraphy showing iodine avid bilateral lungs, neck, and right femur uptake.
 Spectralis OCT of the right eye of Patient 12 at age 9. Note the intact and normal thickness of all retinal layers.
 Acute retinal detachment that transects the fovea (white arrow), cystic changes are present peripherally (black arrow) but the fovea remains morphologically intact although shallowly detached from the pigmented epithelium.
 Deformity from coax vara after operation. See Fig. 7.
 X-ray pelvis anteroposterior view (dated March 2013) shows resolution of lesions with improved bone mineralization
 A chest radiograph shows calcification at both the lung apices associated with a right lower paratracheal calcified lymph node due to healed tuberculosis
 Spondylisthesis of L4 on L5
 Left lung mass ct biopsy.
 Fluoroscopic image showing the embolized peripherally inserted central catheter with one end fixed in right ventricular apex and the other end lying in right inferior descending pulmonary artery with a loop in right atrium
 Sagittal view showing the GPC; the arrows show the superior and inferior openings of the canal
 Intraoperative lateral view of left femoral periprosthetic fracture with guidewire placement
  A lumbar spine X-ray in the hyperflexion position. The vertebrae from L2 to S are indicated. The solid arrow shows the radio-opaque marker where the highest point of the iliac crests was identified by palpation. The hollow arrow represents the spinous interspace identified by an anesthesiologist (the L2-L3 spinous process interspace in this film).
 Orthopantomograph of the patient showed a radiolucent multilocular radiolucency on the right side of mandible
 Patient 1. Plain x-ray showing a pellet in the right lumber region.
 The best way to examine cultures daily is to hold them up to the light to look for evidence of growth. It is not necessary to open plates except to obtain samples
 Anatomy assessment at 21-week gestation shows continued flat facial profile with nasal hypoplasia.
 The large omphalocele and herniated liver.
 Follow-up angiography – SFA/PA of proper patency.
 Spectral display shows high systolic velocity (PSV, 209 cm/s) in the internal carotid artery
 Panoramic radiograph confirming complete absence of teeth.
 Postoperative lateral lower extremity radiograph at 6 months after the Ilizarov external fixation application.
 Brain computed tomography on arrival revealed hypodense lesions with surrounding vasogenic edema in the brain stem
 CT of the abdomen demonstrating mesenteric lymphadenopathy (arrow).
 Endovascular coil embolization of the arteriovenous fistula
 Enlarged inguinal lymph node (arrows) demonstrating flow in the hilar region with Color Doppler (arrowheads).
 Contrast-enhanced computerized tomography of abdomen showing abscess in the right lobe of liver.
 Hyperintense signal in T2-weighted images in the central pons suggestive of central pontine myelinolysis
 Chest Radiograph showing homogenous opacity in the left lower zone,obliterating the left costophrenic angle with gross shifting of the mediastinum to the left and scoliosis with convexity to the right and reticulonodular shadows in the right lower zone.
 The provisional overlay was completely substituted by anterior and posterior ceramic fixed prosthesis. The vertical dimension was reestablished and the satisfactory esthetic and function were provided.
 Evidence of strand-like LV masses, as shown by TTE.
 Ultrasonography showing echogenic fluid in the uterus, cervix, and vagina
 Computed tomography of the pelvic cavity at the levels of the neoplasm.
 Image intensifier film to show removal of broken screw from soft tissues.
 Patient 11. T2 weighted saggital MRI brain and cervical cord showing marked Chiari 1 malformation and large cervical syrinx.
 Target wheel used at Argonne lab for SHE project (SHE stands for Super Heavy Element) [www.phy.anl.gov/targetlab/gallery_files/pg18.html]
 Despite marked pain, swelling and limitation of motion, the simple radiologic study was unremarkable.
 Imaging by fluorine 18-fluoro-2-deoxy-glucose-positron emission tomography (18F-FDG-PET) anterior-posterior view.
 Computed tomography (CT) of the abdomen and pelvis with IV contrast showing marked thickening of the terminal ileum.
 Patient presenting with acute pathologic fracture. Consolidation with ESIN, Orthoss® and GPS®. Anterior-posterior X-ray five months after treatment with ESIN, Orthoss® and GPS®. As a consequence, Nails could be removed.
  Figure 2. Pelvic MRI revealed a locally advanced rectal cancer with multiple lymph nodes in the perirectal fascia.
 Digital subtraction angiography showed renal arteriovenous malformation by demonstrating abnormal arterial communication with vein (green arrows) in the upper pole with premature visualization of the dilated venous system, which included renal vein (blue arrow), lumbar vein (yellow arrow), and the left gonadal vein (red arrow)
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the first patient showing compression fracture D10
 Brain MRI T1-WI sagittal plane of a patient with ephedrone encephalopathy: moderate signal intensity increase in cerebellar hemisphere white matter and significant signal intensity increase in globus pallidus.
 Post-operative axial computed tomography showing the final aspect after the new resection. Beyond the gliosis, certain heterogeneous hypodense areas and residual pneumocephalus were apparent.
 Radiographic aspect of the lesion without signs of abnormality.
 T2 coronal view
 MRI T2 image (frontal view) sellar/suprasellar mass that was isohyperintense with peripheral hyperintensity
 Intracardiac migration of the lost guide wire
 Computed tomography - larynx (axial section) showing comminuted fracture of the left thyroid lamina with disruption of the anterior commissure (yellow long arrow) and narrowed lumen of larynx (red small arrow), due to falling back of vocal cords
 Brain CE CT, transaxial image shows a calcified falcine meningioma in the right posterior parietal region with mass effect and edema in adjacent tissue corresponding to the 18F sodium fluoride bone scan, non osseous, intra cranial radiotracer uptake site
 47-year-old woman working as stone grinder diagnosed with simple silicosis. (a) Axial HRCT image in lung window show small round opacities (RO type P and Q) in bilateral upper lobes.
 24 months. Periapical lesion was completely healed.
 With the locking cannulated blade plate (LCBP) system, both the seating chisel and the implant are inserted over the guidewire. There can be no angulation between the seating chisel, or the LCBP, and the guidewire.
 Colour Doppler demonstrating retrograde flow in the left internal jugular vein.
 Plain abdominal radiographic image showing a distended transverse colon.
 Abdominal CT scan revealing pneumoperitoneum with high attenuation ascites representing contrast and hemorrhage.
 chest X-ray shows persistent pneumothorax after chest tube insertion
 Three dimensional CT angiography showing occlusion at origin of right common carotid artery with normal flow in distal extracranial and intracranial portion of right internal carotid artery (arrows); left common carotid artery showing involvement of both proximal and distal extracranial portion (arrowheads)
 Chest X-ray shows Loeffler's-like syndrome due to concomitant ALL and Strongyloidiasis (left)
  Orthopantomographic radiograph, showing the radiolucent lesion at the right mandibular body and ramus (arrows).
 X-ray 2 years postoperative after total shoulder prosthesis
 Fluoroscopic image of epidural contrast injected through left L5-S1 foramen.
  A computed tomographic scan of the 60-year-old man showing a centrally located right upper lesion.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography chest revealed an ill-defined 6 × 4 × 7 cm heterogeneously enhancing mass causing abrupt cut off the left lower lobe bronchus with the consequent distal collapse/consolidation of the left lower lobe
 Regression of the lymph node mass (1) with increase in the calibre of the left lower bronchus (2) and a normal lung (3)
 Anteriorposterior chest radiograph displaying lucency adjacent to the aortic knob (arrow) and left cardiac border (arrowhead) consistent with pneumomediastinum.
 The puncture site is evaluated using TEE in a 4-chamber view, and the ‘tenting’ of the atrial septum can be seen as the transseptal needle is pushed against it, ideally in the superior and posterior part of the interatrial septum with the aim of obtaining adequate working space and distance above the mitral annulus
  A 6-week magnetic resonance imaging of sagittal plane.
 CT (MPR) image in 3-chamber plane shows the subannular aneurysm (horizontal arrow) between the root of ascending aorta (up arrow) and left atrium (down arrow)
 Computed tomography thorax at mediastinal window setting showing right-sided hydropneumothorax with underlying consolidation with air bronchogram sign
 CAG - moderate LAD narrowing
 Plain X-ray of the abdomen showing the radio-opaque marker of the retained gauze in the center of abdomen.
 MRI of the brain shows 3.2 × 3.0 × 3.2 cm sellar mass (pituitary macroadenoma) with suprasellar extension, compression of the bilateral optic nerve and optic chiasma.
 The abdominal precontrast CT scan. This scan revealed a mass that was measured about 3 cm at the hilum of the right kidney (arrow). CT = computed tomography.
 The C6 nerve root is enlarged compared to the normal C5 nerve root.
 Chest radiograph of the baby with contrast shows the blindending upper end of the esophagus (black arrow) and the gas-filled stomach (white arrow)
 MRI of cervical spine shows continuity of the vertebral body of C2 and C3. There is fusion of the vertebral bodies of C4 and C5. Marked disc narrowing and spondylotic changes at C3-4 (level of Cloward procedure).
 One year after bilateral NSS with normal renal function and no tumor recurrence could be found
 Figure 1: CT scan showing a cyst in the right lower abdomen with dilated proximal bowel loops.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of abdomen
 X-ray chest posterior-anterior view revealed consolidation in right lower zone of the lungs
 Example of facet tropism—the right-sided joint angel measure 16°, the left over 40°. It is possible that such asymmetry leads to premature wear of the facet joints and may predispose to degenerative spondylolisthesis.
 Radiographie thoracique de face montrant une opacité ronde au sein de la lumière trachéale chez un patient suivi pour carcinome adénoïde kystique trachéal au CHU Ibn Sina de Rabat (Maroc), 1997 é 2009
 Intravenous pyelography reveals no images of the left kidney and ureter, and also shows the compressed right ureter
 Diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement on the coronal T1 postcontrast images (arrows).
 Normal chest radiograph on admission.
 Noncontrast CT of kidneys and urinary bladder, performed on day 7 of admission when the three-way urethral catheter was not draining and the patient had developed distension of lower abdomen. The axial section showed distended urinary bladder and dilated prostatic urethra filled with urine. The Foley catheter was not seen within the bladder (arrow heads).
 After endodontic treatment and post hole preparation, a glass fiber post (ø 1.5 mm, Luxapost, DMG) was inserted into the canal. However, the post was too small to fit the root canal.
 Axial reconstruction from a CT scan upon patient arrival show mild prominence of the prevertebral soft tissues, without clinically significant hematoma or encroachment on the airway (large white arrow).
 Classic dacryocystography, showing a patent system on the right side with descent of the radio-opaque agent to the nasal and oral cavities. On the contrary, the system to the left side is obstructed, with a block to the superior nasolacrimal duct
 The ultrasound scan made after a month shows a marked improvement of the sternocleidomastoid muscle, with only an increase of myofiber in the third middle of the ventral belly.
 Ascites.
 Urinary tract X-ray without preparation: showing air in the bladder region
 CT scan showing inflammatory fat stranding extending superiorly along the anterior margin of the abdominal rectus muscles.
 Plain radiograph showing the bony deformities of the upper limb with cardiomegaly
 Repeat ERCP 2 months after the initiation of chemotherapy, showing resolution of intrahepatic duct irregularities.
 Final result after aorto-ostial stenting of a vein graft showing significant protrusion of the stent (marked as = = =) into the aortic lumen.
 Transverse T2-weighted image of the right thigh, a few centimeters distally of Fig. 1. Massive hematoma in the compartment of the M. semitendinosus and M. semimembranosus. The relationship between the sciatic nerve is clearly visualized
 Sagittal computed tomogram showing increased atlanto-dens interval (7 mm) suggestive of atlanto-axial instability (arrow)
 High-resolution (220) 8 keV diffraction image in Bragg geometry of the approximately (220) surface of terrestrial PbSnTe crystal. The growth direction is [001]. Lighter areas diffract more strongly.
 Ultrasound image showing the biopsy gun inside the lower pole of the kidney (arrows)
 Magnetic resonance imaging (coronal view) demonstrating large loculation of emphysema in the subcutaneous plane with minor involvement of the underlying musculature.
 Cranial MRI: T1 post-contrast image in axial view: Enhancing parenchymal nodule involving the left temporal lobe, the lenticular nucleus and the internal capsule
 Brain MR imaging (FLAIR) showed hyperintense area of the bilateral basal dendric nuclei which was specific for those of metronidazole-associated encephalopathy.
 Notching: reabsorption of the lower portion of the scapular neck.
 An anterior-posterior view of cervical spine during C5 nerve root injection. The needle lies in the C5-6 intervertebral foramen after injection of 1 ml contrast medium. The needle is not advanced no further than halfway across facet column. The contrast outline shows the nerve root and epidural reflux taking place.
 Dental pantomogram confirming congenitally absence of lower lateral incisors and upper midline supernumerary.
 multiple mycotic aneurysms of the infra-renal aorta.
 The square markers at the septal and lateral annuli show the positions selected by the automated algorithm using speckle tracking, without any operator guidance.
 Post treatment UBM - UBM confirming disappearance of retro IOL space following YAG laser
 Contrast-enhanced CT scan of the neck. A well circumscribed, focally enhancing mass is noted in the left pyriform sinus (arrow).
 SSFP thoracic MRA. Non-contrast-enhanced SSFP MRA in a patient with a saccular aortic arch aneurysm (arrow).
 Chest computed tomography image shows an enhanced mass in the right breast and dilatation of the pulmonary artery. There was no evidence of thromboembolism in either the pulmonary artery or segmental artery.
 Radiography of the left shoulder revealed severe destructive changes with loss of bone and joint architecture, consistent with a Charcot joint.
 Chest X-ray shows a right pleural effusion and enlarged bowel in the chest cavity.
 Longitudinal and transverse abdominal CT without contrast enhancement demonstrated the inflamed lesion (arrow) adjacent to the descending colon and showed an oval area with a diameter of 2.6 cm surrounded by an edematous ring.
 Following correction of the residual deformity with the TSF programme
 Axial computed tomography of the pelvis showing left ilium cortical thickening, intra trabeculation with course thick trabeculae, bone expansion, and multiple areas of sclerosis, consistent with Paget's disease
 Multi Cystic Lesion in Right Liver Lobe
 Lateral chest radiograph showing a well defined oval shaped homogenous opacity in the fissure
 Radiographic Projections showing forelimbs, thoraco-lumbar spine and hind limbs of larger fetus.
 T2-weighted axial magnetic resonance image. The spinal cord is markedly compressed by a large disc herniation-like mass on the left side, with lateral displacement of the cord to the right. Zones of CSF signal intensity material (“halo”) are noted adjacent to the mass.
 TRUS – hypoechogenic and heterogeneous lesions infiltrating the intestinal wall. TRUS: transrectal ultrasound.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph of 33, 34 showing angular bone loss
 Cholangiography showing intrabiliary stenoses and dilations, findings compatible with sclerosing cholangitis. Pancreatography is normal.
 Chest X-ray revealing a large hiatus hernia with a dual-fluid level, associated with significant extension into the left hemithorax and mediastinal shift
 Chest radiograph showing long and narrow thorax (barrel-shaped chest) with anterior compression.
 SPECT/CT slice through the tumour acquired at 96 h p.i. in mouse number 6 injected with 111In-DTPA-ICR12
 Radioscope image showing the electrode inserted through the caudal pathway. Lateral.
 Chest CT angiography shows acute pulmonary embolism (arrow).
 Paranasal sinus view showing a diffused radiopacity obliterating the left maxillary sinus
 The bilaterally reduced pneumothorax as seen on the chest radiograph taken following bilateral thoracentesis using a chest tube in the bilateral lung area.
 Healed surgical wound from right-sided hernioplasty of a 45-year-old male patient, taken at 30 days of follow-up postsurgery.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging shows the lesion in the right maxilla (arrows).
 Yellow outline demarcates the brachial plexus at C6. White arrows point towards respective nerves. SCM — Sternocleidomastoid muscle, ASM — Anterior scalene muscle, MSM — Middle scalene muscle, DSN — Dorsal scapular nerve, LTN — Long thoracic nerve
 MRI brain plain. Arrows show the thickened vault and decreased brain volume
 Left cerebellar haematoma with markedly dilated fourth ventricle and extensive oedema and distortion of the midbrain.
 A magnetic resonance angiogram showed the dilated STV (arrow).
 Case 1- improvement of the metaphyseal irregularity on wrist X-ray
 52-year-old woman with gastrointestinal bleeding due to active extravasation from a splenic artery pseudoaneurysm into the pancreatic duct. Tagged red blood cell scan shows active bleeding in the stomach or in the very proximal duodenum (arrow). [Powerpoint Slide]
 Radiography of skull showing incomplete fusion of anterior fontanelle
 Fracture sus et intercondylienne de la palette humérale
 On post-contrast axial CT image a giant gallstone is seen occupying the 3rd and 4th portions of the duodenum.
 Computed tomography scan of the patient demonstrating an osteolytic lesion with beveled bone edges in the parietal bone
  Roentgenogram taken prior to the injury shows no lateral patellar subluxation.
 Anterior-posterior (AP) chest x-ray demonstrating marked enlargement of the cardiothymic silhouette.
 Celiac arteriogram of last TACE showed severe vascular injury. The right hepatic artery had become completely obstructed. Moreover, a narrow neovascularity from the gastroduodenal artery formed a collateral artery. The left hepatic artery was severely damaged and narrowed.
 Extensive small bowel infarct involving the greater curvature of the stomach and portal venous gas
 Fat stranding and soft tissue swelling overlying the right globe anteriorly, which extends intra-conally and causes a mild degree of proptosis.
 Ultrasound view of the subclavius muscle. SM: subclavius muscle, C: clavicle, V: subclavian vein and/or infraclavicular axillary vein, R1: first rib, R2: second rib, and L: lung.
 MRI is the only imaging modality that has been shown to consistently demonstrate extramural vascular invasion in rectal cancer[7] and is depicted as discrete serpiginous or tubular projections of intermediate signal intensity into perirectal fat, following the course of a visible perirectal vein.
 Computed tomographic scan
 Severe tricuspid regurgitation on the second day after admission.
 Ultrasound image of the antrum of the second patient. The antrum is dilated, with both echogenic and non-echogenic contents, corresponding to liquid and solid contents
 Hook wire localization by ultrasonography.
 Axial T2-weighted MR image of the abdomen of a 59-year-old woman with clear cell endometrial adenocarcinoma shows a large, predominately hyperintense mass that expands the right psoas muscle and displaces the bowel anteriorly, with peripheral intermediate intensity components representing tissue (arrow). Resection revealed a fluid-containing endometrial cancer metastasis.
 Right ventricular inflow view with large mobile thrombus crossing into the right ventricle
 Cisterna magna and atlano-occipital fascia in CT sagittal image. C cerebellum, EOP external occipital protuberance, AOF atlano-occipital fascia, CM cisterna magna, BS brain stem
 Post-operative Bilateral Hip Radiograph Showing Stable Components.
 Successful recanalisation of the SVC and Subclavian veins
 Posteroanterior view of chest X-ray depicting aortic arch aneurysm and elevated left diaphragm
 Axial, post contrast computed tomography (image of a 21 yr male with first time presentation of Crohn's disease. There is approximately 20 cm distal ileal bowel segment involved in the disease with wall thickening and increased enhancement (level 2). There are 2 fistula formation; one entero-enteric between the distal small bowel and terminal ileum (long arrow) and second, entero-colonic fistula involving the sigmoid bowel (short arrow). The oral contrast material has not reached the colon at the time of the scan, however it is seen in the sigmoid due to passage through the entero-colonic fistula. A small amount of free fluid is seen on the left with a free air bubble from suspected perforation (arrowhead). There is also pre stenotic dilatation proximal to the fistulas, not seen in the image.
 IR Superior Mesenteric Artery Angiography: Red arrow indicates extravasation from a branch of the right inferior phrenic artery
 Axial ultrasonographic image demonstrates a gallbladder gallstone (black arrow) without signs of acute cholecystitis.
 Image showing screw pull-out in the occipital region.
 Transesophageal echocardiography 2 chamber transgastric view showing subvalvular aneurysm
 Longitudinal color duplex sonography of a native kidney with normal function (serum creatinine 0.8 mg/dL). Doppler velocities are sampled at the interlobar artery in the mid to lower pole of the kidney with a Doppler gate of 3 mm. Doppler angle correction is not displayed at the Doppler gate (white solid arrow) along the emission sound beam on the image. On this image, the peak systolic velocity, end-diastolic velocity, and resistive index of the interlobar artery are 24.5 cm/sec, 9.8 cm/sec, and 0.60, respectively.
 This area of bright confluent B lines occupies approximately 50% of the space between the rib shadow, therefore would be considered the equivalent of 5 B lines, hence a ‘wet’ view.
 Laparoscopic assisted ileal resection with hand-sewn anastomosis.
 Computed tomography scan of the chest revealed a congenital chondrosternal depression of the sternum
 Angiography showed acute thrombosis of brachial artery
 Longitudinal ultrasound image demonstrating fluid within the suprapatellar bursa.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography showing liver hydatid with left subdiaphragmatic cyst
 27-year-old female with postpartum symphysis pubis diastasis. AP radiograph of the pelvis shows abnormal widening of the symphysis pubis (arrow) to a maximal transverse measurement of 3.4 cm. There is no sacroiliac joint widening or fracture.
 MRI demonstrating the relation between the adnexal mass and the pregnant uterus.
 Inguinal component of the mass in CT.
 Chest CT image with nodular opacities in the left lower lobe (arrow).
 Periapical radio-graph after root canal filling and permanent restoration
 An example of stage 2 according to Baccetti et al. method.
 Follow-up magnetic resonance images taken 6 years after surgery show no evidence of cyst recurrence.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram in parasternal long axis (PLAX) view shows a normal left ventricle (LV) cavity size. LA= Left atrium, AO=Aortic root, RV= Right ventricle.
 On computed tomography, the 20 mm in diameter mass shows a lower density than the muscle, and its margins are comparatively clear.
 At the level of sixth thoracic vertebra, CT scan shows marked sternal rotation (the sternum is rotated by almost 90 degrees) and depression, with a pectus index of 3.9.
 PA erect CXR prior to thoracentesis reveals large left pleural effusion.
 Echocardiogram showing systolic interventricular flattening of the ventricular septum before PAH therapy.
 Measurement of the mitral leaflet opening angle. The leaflet opening angle between the anterior or posterior mitral leaflet base and annular line was measured in early diastole using a two-dimensional long-axis view of the mitral valve extracted from the three-dimensional data set.
 The gallbladder after 2 weeks of treatment – partial and gradual improvement.
 Chest PA X-ray image shows a round radiopaque object in upper mediastinum.
 Fluorescein angiography right eye: Retino-retinal anastomosis seen in the neovascular membrane between a feeding arteriole (red arrow) and draining venular branch (blue arrow). Retino-subretinal anastomosis (yellow arrow): Originating from a venule the course of the vessel is deeper as seen by the overlying vessels and suggests a subretinal vascular feeder network
 Postoperative chest X-ray shows subcutaneous emphysema limited to the left lower abdomen below the chest band (arrow).
 Short-axis view of the long head of the biceps tendon with bicipital groove (arrow) filled with scar tissue simulating an attenuated biceps tendon. LT: Lesser tuberosity
 A contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan shows 2 heterogeneous masses in the head and tail of the pancreas.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT image through the upper part of the orbits. Bilateral enlargement of the lacrimal glands (arrows) by NHL.
 Transthoracic echocardiography in apical four-chamber view showing submitral aneurysm in the posterolateral wall of the left ventricle.
 Coronal MR T2-weighted image displays regular-sized hippocampi, extreme widening of VRS in the areas of the right temporal and frontal lobe and an enlarged right insular cistern.
 Visualizing the spatial relationships of the splenic recess to its related spaces on the CVH2 from the inferior. 1 Splenic recess, 2 splenic hilum part of splenic bare area, 3 inferior recess, 4 pancreas, 5 gastric wall, 6 splenorenal recess, 7 splenorenal part of splenic bare area, 8 gastrosplenic recess
 A panoramic radiograph reveals bilateral styloid process calcification (Type I and Pattern B).
 Computed tomography imaging in axial sequence showing the severed catheter entering the intradural space
 Whole-body X-ray of the patient.
 Radiograph of left hand shows a transversely oriented bone between third and fourth metacarpal, third metacarpal was present but phalanges of middle finger were absent except for rudimentary proximal phalanx, carpals were normal.
 Barium study showing small bowel and right colon herniation into the right hemithorax behind the liver.
 Chest x ray.
 Axial image illustrating an opacified (small arrow) and a partially aerated (large arrow) nasal lacrimal duct.
 Ultrasound of the pelvis at the 7th week of pregnancy shows bicornuate uterus with a gestational sac in the smaller right horn (arrow). Fetal pole is seen within the sac (arrow head).
 Coronal MPR of the chest in a child with a history of recurrent infections due to a congenital pulmonary airway malformation. A thin-walled multicystic lesion in the right lower lobe is shown
 Non-bronchial artery before embolization.
 Noncontrast axial head CT of patient on initial presentation
 Brilliantly enhancing lesion in left lateral ventricle on MRI.
 A panoramic image shows relatively well-defined multiple radiopacities in both maxillary posterior regions encroaching the maxillary sinuses (black arrows), a well-defined round radiopacity surrounded with a radiolucent line in the left mandibular premolar area (white arrow), and multiple diffuse radiopacities in both jaws.
 AP roentgenogram after surgery.
 Computed tomography shows a homogeneous large cystic mass with a small solitary nodular area at the inferior margin.
 MRI pelvis with contrast: Coronal T1 Fat Sat post gadolinium. The arrow: peripheral enhancement that corresponds to the orange rim in the stained histological gross specimen.
 CT scan demonstrating fluid-filled collection inferior to greater curvature of stomach.
 3-chamber post contrast T1-w inversion recovery image shows a triple layered pattern of enhancement with an inner layer of dark thrombus (arrowhead), middle layer of LGE due to enhancing fibrous tissue (straight arrow) and an outer layer of dark normal myocardium (curved arrow)
 2D image of LA.Two-dimensional image illustrating how to delineate left atrial endocardium during postprocessing LA volume data.
 MIP image from a patient shows evidence of linear filling defect within the contrast filled uterine cavity suggestive of intrauterine adhesion
 Orthopantomograph did not reveal bone changes
 Case 8, a 13-year-old female with embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma in the orbit. Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted imaging shows a left orbital mass with homogeneous enhancement (long arrow) extending to the left ethmoid sinus (arrowhead) and left middle cranial fossa (short arrow). The ill-defined tumor had displaced the globe laterally and superiorly.
 Endometriotic lesion ueT1 (TRUS). TRUS: transrectal ultrasound.
 MRI coronal section showing cystic structure within the supra-spinatus.
 The two-month postoperative radiograph demonstrates a good union of the fracture.
 Coronal view of the right kidney demonstrating the typical anechoic crescent between the renal parenchyma and renal capsule.
 Radiograph before preparation with rotary lightspeed instrument
 Intraoperative echocardiogram at 134 degrees showing the ruptured non-coronary cusp with color flow showing a significant aortic regurgitant jet.
 X-ray picture of the gallstone in the stomach.
 Donor CT scan. This image from the prerecovery donor CT scan shows the bridge of the horseshoe kidney and the inferior most portion of the collecting system noted on CT scan.
 Anteroposterior view of the cervical vertebra showing increased radiodensity in all the cervical vertebrae.
 CT image immediately postoperatively with evidence of the marsupialised laryngopyocele on the right.
 Modification of the mobile phone camera by affixing a light emitting diode light with external power supply, allows it to be converted in to a direct ophthalmoscope
 Postoperative postero-anterior chest radiograph of the case reveals complete expansion of the right lung (black arrows). Wedge resection additional to the cavitary procedure (capitonnage) was performed because of damage to the adjacent parenchyma of the involved lung caused by infection. Postsurgical change in the right lower lobe after surgical removal of the cyst (red arrows).
 Non-contrast head CT. Non-contrast head CT showing hydrocephalus with tonsillar herniation and vasogenic edema of the parietal and occipital lobes.
 Thoracic stent graft was placed across the coarcted segment.
 Chest CT of a 62-year-old male. The white arrow head indicates a clearly distinguishable mass having a smooth surface at the right side of the lower esophagus.
 Melanoma metastases. Post-contrast image demonstrates bilateral adrenal masses (arrows). While the imaging features of these lesions are not specific, the bilateral distribution, size of the left-sided mass, and history of melanoma suggest the diagnosis.
 Faint right upper lobe subpleural peripheral groundglass opacification 11 × 6.5 mm and soft tissue density in the left lung base likely atelectasis and/or partial consolidation.
 Echocardiogram showing healed vegetation
 Indocyanine green Angiography: Late phase showing persisting hypofluorescence around choroidal lesions with hyperfluorescence around choroidal neovascular membrane
 The Interface of ImageParser When Loading a 3D Image. The image is automatically shown slice by slice with the slice number shown in the text box, and the interval between two slices can be changed. Clicking the slide bar or text box, we can focus on the current slice; double clicking the window area, we can navigate the image slice by slice again; and dragging the slide bar or inputting the slice number in the text box, we can jump to the desired slice.
 Contrast enhanced CT scan showing a mass with lipid density filling the right portion of the inferior abdomen and pelvis, deviating the intestinal loops
 Embolic agent of cellulose sponge plugs was injected into the splenic artery.
 LPCB preparation from Czapek Dox agar showing typical flask shaped sporangium and rhizoids characteristic of Saksenaea vasiformis
 Pathological fracture of right proximal tibia.
 Upper abdominal organs visible on the CTPA scan range demonstrate stranding of the peripancreatic fat with fluid in the left paracolic gutter, suggestive of pancreatitis.
 CT pulmonary angiogram showing a massive fi lling defect suggestive of pulmonary embolism represented by an arrow
 Creating a bright spot.The reformulation of Scotchgard has led to rapidly declining levels of PFCs in the Arctic environment and in the bodies of animals including the ringed seal.
 TIPS procedure–The three stents can be seen bridging the hepatic vein to the right portal venous system.
 Coronal magnetic resonance imaging scan demonstrating 30 mm left renal mass (arrow).
 Sonographic appearance of granular cell tumour. Ultrasound shows an ill defined hypoechoic mass with echogenic haloing. It is difficult to differentiate this mass from a primary breast lesion, based on the sonographic findings.
 Global radiograph of the femur and hip joint two years after surgery.
 Postoperative plain radiography of the bilateral total hip replacement case with cementless prostheses.
 AP orthoroentgenogram, denoting valgus deformity with the CORA at the site of previous initial treatment
 Chest CTA showing false and true lumens of the ascending aorta (white and black arrows, respectively).
 Rectal cancer patient with bilateral internal iliac nodal metastasis (arrows).
 Enhanced CT scan of abdomen and pelvis demonstrated a high density structure shaped like a nut shell in the small bowel (white arrow).
 Initial lateral cephalometric radiograph.
 Transhepatic portography after endovascular stent placement and balloon dilation of the splenic vein obstruction (white arrow) with dramatic decompression of the proximal varices (black arrows).
 Chest X-ray showing resolution after 5 months of treatment
 Bilateral apical interstitial fibrosis and cyst formation.
 Artifacts in the eye ball region caused by the make-up. Artifacts caused by a dental implant in the maxillary sinus region are also seen.
 Lateral radiograph of the patients’ right elbow. Note the dislocation of the radial head
 Coronal view of CT showing involvement of left maxillary sinus, nasal conchae, and ethmoidal sinus extending up to frontal sinus.
 Orthopantomograph revealed a purely osteolytic lesion in the anterior maxilla
 Axial View at 2 Years and 1 Month of Age
 Sonographic measurement of cervical length in a woman with achondroplasia (16 weeks of gestation). Cervical length measurement using abdominal sonography of a woman with achondroplasia (16 weeks of gestation)
 The portion of the scan referred to as over-scanning occurs at the beginning and end or at the edges of the scan (dotted white lines). Black lines represent the extent of radiation that is imparted in the scan to create the image.
 Postembolization contrast CT study showing total devascularization and regression of the pelvic lesion.
 Working length IOPA in relation to 25
 Acalculous cholecystitis with pericholecystic fluid collection as demonstrated by abdominal computed tomography scans. G, gallbladder.
 Bladder capacity increased to 150 mL 1 week postoperatively as demonstrated by cystography.
 Computed tomography angiography two years after childbirth, four years after the surgery, showing disappearance of the aneurysm sac and correct flow through the stent graft.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen (with contrast agent). A well-defined oval lesion is seen immediately adjacent to the gastric corpus and left adrenal gland area. A linear septum can also be seen.
 Ultrasonography of thyroid gland showing multiple cystic areas.
 Postoperative noncontrast computerized tomography scan head showing acceptable skull reconstruction using autologous split calvarial graft
 Plate of Czapek yeast extract agar (CYA) with Penicillium excelsum, opaqueness of petri dish lid after 7 days of incubation at 25°C.
 Ultrasound appearance of complex pleural effusion with extension through diaphragm (white arrow). D: diaphragm. SPL: spleen.
 Spread of local anesthetic in TAP plane (EO: External oblique muscle, IO: Internal oblique muscle, TA: Transversus abdominis muscle)
 72-year-old man with bilateral re-expansion pulmonary edema. High-resolution CT taken seven hours after thoracentesis for right pneumothorax reveals mixed ground-glass opacity and minimal consolidation combined with intralobular reticulations and interlobular septal thickening; thus, suggesting ipsilateral reexpansion pulmonary edema. Like-natured opacities are also seen in contralateral lung (arrows), which consequently suggests contralateral re-expansion pulmonary edema. Note beam hardening artifact from tip of chest tube (arrowhead).
  Barium radiography 6 months after the operation demonstrated that the reconstructed cervical esophagus was widely patent and smooth.
 Coronary angiogram and left ventriculography.
 The figure shows the upward angulation, which represents the angle of the needle to the line made by the posterior border of the vertebral body (white line) on lateral view. UA: upward angulation.
 Consolidation of right lung discovered in 56-year-old man with cough who underwent coronary CT angiography for atypical chest pain.
 Conventional axial proton density fast spin-echo (PD FSE) sequence (TR/TE: 2400/28) with ultra-high resolution (512 × 512; 12 cm; slice thickness: 2 mm) of a 17-year-old male patient 3 months after matrix-associated autologous chondrocyte transplantation (MACT) of the patella. The double-layered scaffold is still visible.
 A 39-year-old cirrhotic man with acute severe pain and bulge in the RLQ after diagnostic paracentesis. Doppler study shows IEA pseudoaneurysm.
 Increased size of the abscess (arrow) with increased surrounding inflammatory changes.
 Ultrasound examination reveals a large mass on the upper pole of the patients' right kidney.
 Preoperative lateral radiograph of a female patient.
 Mucinous adenocarcinoma of appendix in 72-year-old male.Axial contrast-enhanced CT image reveals cystic dilatation of appendix (asterisk) with peripheral, curvilinear calcifications (arrowheads). Internal, mild enhancing solid portions and perilesional fatty infiltrations are demonstrated. After appendectomy, mucinous adenocarcinoma was diagnosed.
 Fluoroscopic lateral view during cervical medial branch block
 Demyelinating lesion of the brainstem at presentation.
 Abdominal CT scan shows round solid mass in right anterior supravesical space.
 Sagittal T1 Gadolinium-enhanced MRI; evolution of blood products in the right inferior frontal lobe extending to the basal ganglia.
 A CT in a patient with a short neck and with a very large goiter. The CT cut is approximately 1 cm above the sternal notch. The trachea is surrounded by the goiter and cannot be safely reached from the anterior portion of the neck, unless thyroidectomy is performed in advance.
 Coronal and axial views showing the lesion with obliteration of right maxillary sinus
 Velamentous cord insertion. The cord insertion is seen along the membranes (arrow). Extension of these splayed vessels into the cervix is not seen in this illustration (Image courtesy Dr Manoj Chinchwadkar)
 Frontal radiograph showing absence of left sacrum(Scimitar sacrum)-Case 2
 Abdominal radiograph demonstrating air in the liver.
 Colonoscopy shows eight multiple polypoid mass lesions with abundant vasculature and these lesions are centrally located from the ascending colon to the rectum.
 Left lateral thoracic view, showing megaoesophagus.
 Plain abdominal radiograph demonstrating three AA cells in the small bowel and two AA cells which have transited to the large bowel. All the battery casings appear to be undamaged and intact and there appears to be no signs of bowel dilation or perforation
 Most recent MRI brain with contrast
 Pseudoarthrosis in calcified cartilage I ribs
 Chest CT showing a radiodense trabecular pattern (arrow) in the center of the lung mass (patient 2).
 Postcontrast axial CT scan showing recurrent tumor in the left posterior temporal lobe extending into the posterior fossa and compressing the brain stem
 Fluid sensitive sequences showing fatty tumor in supraspinous fossa.
 Cardiac echogram (apical view) showing severe dilation of 4 cavities.
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography showing the tumor location between iliocostalis and psoas muscles in retroperitoneal space.
 Panoramic radiograph shows a radiolucent area measuring 4×4 cm in diameter extending from the distal aspect of the right lateral incisor to the mesial aspect of the second premolar.
 Panoramic radiograph of the patient aged 11 years and 10 months with no evidence of supernumerary teeth.
 Contrast study showing hypertrophied pylorus with delayed emptying
 Four chamber view with ventricular disproportion (left side smaller than right side). The mid-caviary dimensions (white lines) can be measured and compared to normal sizes for gestational age.
 CT sagital view showing tremendous amount of free air and distended cecum.
 Axial T1-weighted MRI image demonstrating a well-demarcated isointense lesion in the left trigone with significant surrounding edema and mass effect.
 T2 weighted, fat saturated, postcontrast, coronal MR image of left calf showing a multiloculated fluid collection with associated enhancing rim and septations (white arrows) within the tibialis posterior muscle, compatible with an intramuscular abscess.
 Chest X-ray, haemothorax
 Chest CT after treatment (16-Nov-2001) show that clear shrinkage of conglomeration of 3.0 × 2.5 cm at the left lower hilus pulmonis, small amount of accumulation of fluid in the left thoracic cavity.
 TTE. Subcostal window. Long‐axis IVC plane. Normal antegrade hepatic venous flow is demonstrated with Color Doppler after repositioning of ECMO cannula
 56-year-old woman with sinonasal amelanotic melanoma. Axial CT image of the abdomen, obtained 3 weeks after sinonasal surgery, shows diffuse metastases involving the liver, peritoneum and retroperitoneum (arrows).
 Coronal section, T2-weighted magnetic resonance image demonstrates a large, well-defined hyperintense mass in the right maxillary antrum (red arrow), displacement of the nasal septum (blue arrow) by the heterointense tumor mass to the left side and tiny flow voids are noted within the lesion consistent with hypervascularity (yellow arrows)
 Transit oesogastro-duodénal à la gastrographine qui montre une dilatation du duodénum et un arrêt du transit est noté au niveau de D3
 Postoperative upright lateral thoracic x-rayScrews T4 through T10, skipping T7. Expandable cage and a single cross-link at T7. Maintenance of the patient’s anatomical kyphotic curve is demonstrated.
 A CXR showing a pneumothorax following insertion of an intravenous line via the right jugular vein. Note the surgical emphysema in the neck.
 Radiograph obtained after radial head replacement with excessive lengthening of the radius will lead to a poor outcome.
 Follow-up angiography showing complete tacking of the dissection plane and TIMI 3 flow.
 CT scan bony window (axial section) showingheterogeneous ossification with non-ossified soft tissue surrounding the left clavicle
 A computed tomography scan of abdomen showed numerous nodules filling the peritoneal cavity and the surrounding bowel loops.
 Transesophageal color-flow Doppler echocardiography showing an echogenic large left-atrial mass diagnosed as a free-floating left-atrial thrombus (24 x 19 mm).
 High resolution computed tomography scan of the chest showing diffuse thin-walled cystic changes of the pulmonary parenchyma and right-sided pneumothorax with intercostal tube in situ, all findings characteristic of lymphangiomyomatosis
 Postoperative CT scan shows T10–L2 posterior instrumentation.
 Internal carotid artery occlusion. Frontal projection from left cerebral angiogram delineates complete occlusion of the left internal carotid artery to the level of the common carotid artery (arrow). Note the normal opacification of the external carotid artery branches.
 Measure of the angle between the glenoid surface and the upper posterior column of the scapula (φ).
 Superior mesenteric angiogram shows prominent vascularity in the pancreatic mass during the arterial phase.
 Sagital Computed Tomography Scan of Left Ankle.Sagital Computed Tomography Scan of left ankle one day after trauma showing an isolated posterior malleolar fracture with minimal displacement.
 Normal OPG
  Pelvic MRI at D16. Control pelvic MRI at D16 showing regression of the abscesses in the left lobe and persistence in the right lobe.
 Preoperative panoramic radiograph.
 Contrast-enhanced sagittal CT image demonstrates a narrow aortomesenteric angle of 9° (calipers) (normal > 22°).
 Follow-up noncontrast CT shows growth of the tract mass with infiltration and marked asymmetry of the right paraspinal musculature (green oval) as well as new perihepatic ascites (yellow arrow) secondary to liver metastases (not pictured).
 Axial image acquired with multiple-echo data image combination sequence shows grade 1 cartilage lesion. There is a focal area of chondral softening revealed as an area of focal hyperintensity (arrow) within the articular cartilage
 Computed tomography pulmonary angiography suggestive of lingular arteriovenous malformation with massive pleural effusion
 Sagittal FSPGR BRAVO image displaying a 4 mm pars intermedia pituitary cyst within an otherwise normal pituitary gland, a relatively steep clival angle, and a 4 mm pineal cyst is present. (A) A 4 mm pars intermedia pituitary cyst within an otherwise normal pituitary gland. (B) There is a relatively steep clival angle. (C) A 4 mm pineal cyst is present. Also note mild brachycephaly.Abbreviation: FSPGR BRAVO, fast spoiled gradient echo brain volume.
 Generating profile similarity networks for genes that do not appear on the global network. A warning message indicates that a gene(s) of interest is not represented on the global network and a link is provided to view a subnetwork of genes that show the strongest profile similarity to the gene(s) of interest. PCC, Pearson correlation coefficient.
 Abdominal x-ray (the same patient as Figure 1) reveals multiple, oval radiopaque packets throughout the abdomen.
 Post 4 days MetaNeb® intervention showing resolution of pathological changes.
 Measurement of the Tibial Tuberosity-Trochlear Groove Distance on the Tibial Axial Magnetic Resonance Imaging Slice (T2)
 IRM cérébrale coupe axiale en T1 objective une lésion intra caverneuse droite en hyper signal, faisant suspecter une origine vasculaire
 Aberrant relationship between left common carotid arteries (LCCA) and right CCA (RCCA) and left jugular veins (LJV) and right jugular veins (RJV) at the level of the fourth cervical vertebra (C4). A: airways.
 Type 5. A coronal MSCT image perfectly identifies type 5 in all cases, with no exception. Axial CT-scans are of less importance.
 a) Right renal oncocitoma (with central scar)–nephrographic phase; b) Bilateral renal angyomiolipomas (‘Fundeni’ Archives).
 Angiography showing residual bruise after additional stent graft implantation
 Voxel located in the left frontal white matter region – transverse cross-section, T2-weighted image.
 Plain AP radiograph of the thoracic spine demonstrates multiple areas of heterotopic ossification (black and white arrows) in the paravertebral regions.
 Radiographie thoracique de face; Aspect de cardiomégalie; arc inférieur gauche allongé
 Radiologic finding. Positron emission tomography-computed tomography shows increased fluorine-18 2-fluoro-2-deoxy-d-glucose uptake (SUVmax = 5.1) at the anastomotic site.
 Sign of the metatarsophalangeal instability. Anteroposterior X-ray of a 40 year old woman with rheumatoid arthritis shows signs of the metatarsophalangeal instability, osteophytes of both medial cuneometatarsal joints (white arrows).
 Conventional angiography of the head and neck showing near occlusion of the distal supraclinoid segment of the right internal carotid artery.
 Proximal spread of local anesthetics to the interscalene groove after supraclavicular brachial plexus block. ASM = anterior scalene muscle; BP = brachial plexus; LA = local anesthetics; MSM = middle scalene muscle.
 Sagittal MIP image showing multiple rectal collaterals (arrows) deriving their afferent supply from the IMV (interrupted arrow)
 CT showing thrombosis in the right internal jugular vein and soft tissue.
 Axial CT pelvis: diffuse myeloma involving the sacrum and iliac bones bilaterally, with cortical destruction of the left iliac bone (arrow).
 Pre-operative abdominal computed tomography scan of the patient demonstrating characteristic features of mesenteric panniculitis; soft tissue density/mass (asterisk) and 'misty mesentery' (white arrow).
  MRI (Coronal T2-FRFSE Fat SAT). The extend of the tumor and relation with adjacent organs (1).
 Sigmoid foreign body identified on CT.
 Case #1. Tip position after 6 years.
 Computed tomogram of the Abdomen. Trichobezoar seen on Stomach (☆) and duodenum (✞)
 (a) An enlarged view of a rat tail tendon optical section taken via SHG with the ultra-slim objective in series with the benchtop system. (b) A false-color image shows Convallaria cells imaged via TPM at two different wavelengths, also with the ultra-slim objective. The left arrow points to a green nucleus and while the right arrow points to a red cell membrane.
 Chest computed tomography illustrated extensive bilateral diffuse pulmonary consolidations with air bronchograms with bilateral pneumothoraces
 There is an evidence of pneumopericardium without evidence of right ventricular collapse (blue arrows).
 Angiographic view of coronary fistula between left internal thoracic artery and pulmonary artery.
 Supraspinatus tendon calcification.
 Brain magnetic resonance imaging, after 27 days of admission, shows swelling of the brain stem and cerebellum combined with transtentorial and foraminal herniation. There are also signal changes on the lower part of the pons and cerebellum, and pontomedullar continuity is not observed. M : midbrain, P : pons, Cbl : cerebellum, Sc : spinal cord.
 CT scan showing a pleural collection of fluid and gas with pleural enhancement in keeping with presumed infection in the pleural space (empyema).
 Computed tomography showed a cystic mass with a maximum diameter of 9 cm, which was adjacent to the aortic root and compressing over the superior vena cava, right atrium, and right ventricle.
 CT scan of temporal bone - Coronal reconstruction image showing soft tissue filling up the external auditory canal and the middle ear (long white arrows). There are also bony fragments seen (short black arrows).
 Sono-guided needle aspiration (arrows point to the needle within abscess cavity) was done targeting all three abscess cavities. About 3 ml of thick pus was aspirated at L4 level.
 Root canal treated and post retained mandibular premolar showing vertical root fracture
 The neoplasm in lateral cervical region (maximum length of 6 cm) confirmed by CT scan.
 Echocardiography showing a large pericardial effusion with exudative debris and fibrin strands. RV right ventricle, LV left ventricle, LA left atrium, PE pericardial effusion
 Post-Contrast Sagittal 3D Gradient (TFE) T1 Weighted Images Show Involvement of the Left Hypoglossal Canal With Enhancing Intracranial Component.
 Transverse US image demonstrates a small bowel intussusceptions in the left lower quadrant containing an echogenic leading point (arrow) corresponding to the leading point.
 Abdominal X-ray demonstrates dilated loops of small bowel. A paucity of colonic gas is noted on the right side with a predominance of small bowel in right upper quadrant.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT showing hyperdense rounded lesion in fourth ventricle.
 Cervical computed tomography revealed a 3×3×6-cm solid mass in the right thyroid.
 17-year-old girl with uterine didelphys associated with OHVIRA syndrome. Sagittal T2-weighted MR image demonstrates a dilated hemivagina with low T2-signal-intensity contents and corresponding high T1-signal intensity consistent with blood product.
 Twelve months later, the follow-up chest radiograph with the use of prednisolone revealed a marked-size reduction of the mass.
 Non-contrast enhanced CT scan showing 7 mm calculus in left lower ureter Abbreviation: CT Computed tomography
 Axial CT, showing distended loop on the left side
 X-ray chest showing right-sided effusion and pneumonitis
 T2-weighted sagittal magnetic resonance imaging spine is showing revealing destruction of sixth and seventh disc space with high signal intensity and prevertebral soft tissue enhancement on presentation.
 MDCT showed enhanced focus on the contralateral breast. Targeted sonography showed a hypoechoic mass connecting to the adjacent ducts, the size of which was 5x2 mm. Sonography-guided vacuum-assisted core needle biopsy was performed to obtain a definitive diagnosis. The pathological diagnosis was hyperplasia.
 1 year postoperative radiograph of tooth 11
 Heterogenous submucosal mass with internal cystic space (Black arrow)
 Angiographic image from the right distal upper extremity demonstrating poor distal flow.
 In a plain neck lateral film, an approximately 2-cm-sized radiopaque linear flat foreign body (arrow) at the level of the 6th and 7th cervical vertebrae could be clearly identified. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities were demonstrated.
 Medial displacement of the colic frame.
 Patient went to emergency department with fever, chillness, left flank pain, and turbid discharge from previous drainage hole. CT revealed multilocular abscesses formation around left kidney, mainly in posterior peri- and pararenal spaces.
 An axial CT scan, after 12 months of treatment, showing an initial downsizing of the lesion, contoured by a white line.
 Transabdominal colour Doppler image of a fetal vein and artery crossing the cervix at 19 weeks gestation. This patient has an anterior placenta and posterior succenturiate lobe.
 Coronal section of CT scan reveals erosion of mesial, lateral and posterior walls of left maxillary sinus
 Duodenal bulb tumour (arrows) in computed tomography – frontal projection
 Cerebral computed tomography scan showing a small left cortical temporo-occipital hemorrhage, with mild mass effect and hypodense halo.
 Axial CT slice.
 Lymphoscintigraphy of a 35-year-old woman with carcinoma in situ of the left breast showing 2 intense foci of noted [99mTc]tilmanocept localization within the left axilla. An intradermal injection (0.4 mL, 0.5 mCi, 3.0 nmol) of [99mTc]tilmanocept was administered to the upper left quadrant of the left breast. The SPECT/CT image is a fused sagittal cross section acquired 1 h postinjection, which visualizes a sentinel lymph node (arrow) and the injection site. At 5 h after injection, 3 blue and hot lymph nodes (6,724 cps, 1,477 cps, 167 cps) were detected at surgery and excised. Pathologic examination revealed 1 histologically positive lymph node (blue with 6,700 cps, 1.7 × 1.3 × 0.7 cm) and 2 negative lymph nodes
 Preoperative CT of the abdomen and pelvis (axial view) showing multilobulated mass involving the right adrenal gland.
 The computed tomography (CT) scan of brain showing left frontal penetrating injury causing multiple fractures and pneumocranium. Multiple bone fragments are displaced within brain parenchyma resulting in contusion and edema. This male patient, a blast victim, at presentation was localizing to pain and had right hemiparesis. He underwent craniotomy, debridement, including removal of superficial intracranial bone fragments, wound refashioning, and primary closure. Post - operative course was unremarkable and at 6 months follow - up, the patient was completely independent, although he had persistent mild hemiparesis
 Red-free fundus photograph of left eye showing retinochoroiditis lesions superior to optic disc and vitreous haze temporal to disc without any epiretinalmembrane
  Coronal non-contrasted computed tomography scan of the skull, showing a tumorous lesion in the left nasal cavity extending 3.7 × 3.2 × 2.6 cm in diameter with partial infiltration of the surrounding structures.
 Ultrasound findings of lung consolidation in a preweaned Holstein calf (linear probe, 7.5 MHz). The skin, intercostal muscles (ICM), and pleural line (arrow) are observed. Consolidated lung parenchyma is outlined by the dotted line. The screen is divided by 1 cm grid (gray squares). The maximal depth of lung consolidation in this picture is 5–5.5 squares (cm).
 B-ultrasonic examination revealing a mass in the retroperitoneal region.
 A 58-year-old patient 21 years after total hip replacement with a very good result
 Preoperative mobile chest X-ray showing a large gastric shadow (G), absence of the left diaphragmatic outline and rightward displacement of the cardiac silhouette and trachea (T).
 Virtual endoscope path creation in a patient.A sagittal CT slice shows the manually-selected virtual endoscope path through a patient used for the Location Search registration technique. The nose is cropped out due to the field-of-view reduction described in section 2.4.3.
 Retrograde pyelogram demonstrating evidence of extrinsic compression and medial deviation of the right ureter.
 Axial T2WI depicting iris thinning in association with buphthalmos, enlarged anterior chambers, and lens rounding. (A) Iris thinning in association with buphthalmos, enlarged anterior chambers, and lens rounding. Megalocornea is present with (B) lateralization and flattening of the limbus. (C) The optic nerve sheaths are prominent.Abbreviation: T2WI, T2-weighted image.
 Chest radiograph showing mediastinal widening in the superior part
 Fluoroscopic image of a “dog bone”-shaped stent deployed to drain a pseudocyst.
 TDM thoracique injectée montrant la médiastinite associé à un épanchement pleural droit chez un patient marocain de 55 ans, diabétiques, avec médiastinite compliquant une cellulite cervicale à porte d’entrée dentaire
 Coupe scannographique objectivant une masse tissulaire bien limitée au contact du péricarde
 Continuity is demonstrated between the Amplatzer Ductal Occluder and the cable (arrow)
 Colon cancer in a 65-year-old man. CT image demonstrates a thick omental cake in the left anterior abdomen (arrows). Peripheral ascites is also present, predominantly on the right side
 Computed tomography angiogram showing patency of the stent (arrow) 6 months postoperatively.
 Chilaiditi sign.
 Left vertebral angiogram (anteroposterior view) showing a wide-necked and multilobular aneurysm at the top of the basilar artery
 Contrôle à 6 mois montrant une disparition des thrombus
  18F-DOPA PET scan. A focal lesion was identified in the head of the pancreas (arrow)
 Ultrasound features of intussusceptions. Us obtained near the apex shows multiple concentric rings with a hypo-echoic ring surrounding a hyper-echoic ring, which surrounds another hypo echoic ring.
 Thoracic CT (lung window).
 IOPA radiograph showing radiopaque object in the canals of adjacent deciduous molars
 Pre-Op CT scan showing expansile lytic sclerotic lesion arising from the right occipital bone
 Mammogram shows linear, railroad track calcification (arrows), consistent with vascular calcification
 MRI example of group 3 with extensive vertebral destruction and epidural abscess
 Three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiogram Doppler image showing severe mitral regurgitation (arrow).
 The white lung sign (←→) with regionally maintained normally aerated lung areas (spared areas) was seen in both lungs, above the entire anterior and lateral chest wall and in the lower fields above the posterior chest wall. A convex probe
 An MRI of the brain showing right sided brain atrophy.
 Right vertebral artery angiogram showing a large fenestration or unfused middle segment of the basilar artery. The distal basilar artery was unfused and the superior cerebellar arteries arose from the P1 segments of the posterior cerebral arteries bilaterally. A very prominent left posterior communicating artery fills the left supraclinoid ICA and bilateral cavernous sinuses (via direct CCF) in a retrograde fashion
 Radiograph of the left shoulder revealing marked glenohumeral joint space narrowing, small humeral head osteophytes, subchondral sclerosis, and subchondral cysts
 Assessment of tumour response to Imatinib: MRI showing a predominantly exophytic, heterogenous, submucosal mass (measuring 4.0x3.0x 3.1 cm) on the left anterior rectal wall occupying the rectovaginal septum, with partial invasion of the cranial portion of levator ani muscle.
 Laterolateral teleradiography of the skull and cephalometric analysis at the 6-year follow-up evaluation.
 Axial computed tomography view of the patient showing metastasis and intra-abdominal hemorrhage (red arrows).
 Plain X-ray axillary view of the right proximal humerus showing fracture.
 Dandy-Walker variant presenting as the ‘key sign’
 Skull lateral view X-ray showing the path of the rod
 Portable chest x-ray demonstrating pneumomediastinum and subcutaneous emphysema.
 Orthopantomogram showing right parasymphysis, left angle fracture and displaced lower third molar
 Mammographic findings. A bilobed soft tissue lesion measuring about 3.2 × 2.5 cms, suspicious for malignancy, seen in the upper and outer quadrant of the left breast.
 Experimental setup. Seated individuals reached with the stroke-affected arm between a proximal target and a distal target placed at maximum reach of the stroke-affected arm in a sagittal plane. Participants were instructed to tap back and forth as fast as they could, alternating between proximal and distal targets.
 Water-soluble contrast shows a thin liquid passage downstream of the ring and marked gastric pouch distension.
 Coronal proton density MRI shows cancellous bone graft site on medial femoral condyle. There was radiological evidence of bone graft integration.
 Typical Doppler image obtained from a uterine myoma.
 Radiographic image of arthrodesis of the shoulder with three cannulated screws. Observe the staples which close arthroscopic portals, without requiring larger incisions. Glenohumeral and acromiohumeral stability is ascertained by the degree of compression that is achieved. Clavicle osteosynthesis is also noteworthy; this had been performed 7 months previously, using an osteosynthesis plate (1996)
 MRI brain Extensive smooth dural involvement over the cerebral hemispheres more prominent on the right.MRI: Magnetic resonance imaging
 Chest roentgenogram of case 2 on the day of admission, showing bilateral pulmonary edema.
 TACE procedure. The therapeutic agent was administered via a 2.3-Fr microcatheter inserted into the middle hepatic artery (arrows), which can be seen feeding the tumor (arrowheads).
 Coronary AV fistula (OM1 to coronary sinus).
 Enhanced CT showing peripancreatic narrow shadows.
 T2-weighted axial magnetic resonance imaging comparable in position and image acquisition to Figure 2 demonstrating complete resolution of inferior vena cava thrombosis (white arrow) after 4-months of oral anticoagulation therapy
 Sagittal computed tomography scan demonstrating volar pole fracture of the lunate (arrow).
 Patient’s timed barium esophagram. There is a diffuse esophageal dilatation with retained esophageal secretions and barium with only 0–20% change in volume after 5 minutes. There are tertiary peristaltic waves within the distal esophagus, limited emptying of the contrast into the stomach and an air-fluid level.
 Lateral projection angiogram with right external carotid injection demonstrating the deflated venous balloon within the superior sagittal sinus, Onyx cast and slow flow from a posterior branch of the middle meningeal artery due to downstream occlusion.
 Abdominal CT demonstrating a stricture of intestinal tuberculosis at ileal region (arrow).
  Case 2.
 MRI at time of progression 4 weeks later
 Computed tomography. The liver is diffusely enlarged. Following infusion of contrast media, the IVC from the intrahepatic portion to the level of the right renal vein is not opacified. Multiple collateral vessels are noted in the paraaortic region. Both ascedning lumbar veins and azygos-hemiazygos system are prominent. The spleen is also enlarged.
 Posteroanterior chest radiograph shows focal consolidation of the right upper lung zone and bilateral reticular densities throughout the lung fields.
 Radiotherapy field for irradiating the patient's metastatic MM tongue lesion. In this figure, the radiotherapy field used for irradiating the metastatic MM tongue lesion in our case is depicted by the yellow rectangle. The red <> denotes the major area of metastatic involvement. MM, Malignant mesothelioma. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)
  Semi-automatic segmentation result of the breast lesion based on the proposed method for the randomly selected case (the colors were set to red for the lesion margin and blue for the ROI margin). In order to facilitate the observation, this image partially enlarged.
 Bilateral extension of neck soft tissues with air from mediastinum.
 X-ray lumbosacral spine at the end of 12 months of antituberculous therapy showing reduced disc space at L4-L5 associated with reduced L5 vertebral body height.
 Radiographic evaluation for implant-supported single-tooth restoration at the left central incisor location.
 The right proximal pulmonary artery seemed to be cut off from the distal part. Slice-by-slice image analysis shows that this cut off was because of the artifact (thin arrow).
 MRI Brain without contrast.
 Brain transverse section showing agenesis of septum pellucidum
 PLSVC is seen as a nodular opacity lateral to the aortic arch in continuous levels.
 Cholecystitis with thickened and oedematous gallbladder wall, without evidence of cholelithiasis.
 Sagittal computed tomography at a fracture site; demonstrating that osseous continuity is limited to the posterior site (arrowhead).
 In the posterior cranial fossa, bilateral pathological solid masses located in pontocerebellar cisterns, which extend to the auditory meatus; intensive contrast enhancement MR image—schwannomas of the VIII nerve
 Grade IV osteophyte at the anterior and posterior margin in lateral X-ray.
 Maxillary occlusal view showing mesiodens
 The CBCT image in the sagittal plane shows the artifacts (arrow) from the adjacent amalgam restoration that could be misinterpreted as secondary or remnant caries.
 Heterogeneous retroperitoneal liposarcoma infiltrates into adjacent tissues (arrows)
 A cystogram showing bilateral Grade IV vesicoureteral reflux and left ureter crossing to the right side at the level of the pelvic brim
 A chest X-ray obtained on admission demonstrated a 7×5 cm mass in the left upper lung field.
 Verification scan showing correct intra-articular needle placement in the robotic-assisted group.
 Echocardiogram in the long axis view demonstrating the right atrium being compressed by the mass
 Left lung collapse due to mucus plug obstructing airways
 Immature root and an open apex associated with apical periodontitis
 Right coronary angiogram showing the dissection in the right coronary artery (arrows).
 Patient's initial AP chest radiograph. Increased markings are noted in the right lower lobe, along with a possible small right pleural effusion.
 Fluoroscopic imaging of a tunnelled catheter in a 4-month-old female. The entire catheter is imaged during slow instillation of contrast medium
 Occlusal radiograph showing extent of periapical lesion
 Twelve-month follow-up radiograph showing favorable outcomes. The treated teeth are in function and the periapical tissues are normal. An important finding is the complete healing of the periradicular lesion in the mesial root of the third molar
 38-year-old female patient with a huge swelling on the right side of the face diagnosed with calcifying epithelial odontogenic tumor. Sagittal view computed tomography scan reveals a well-defined heterodense tumor mass with an irregular central hyperdense mass (black arrow) and expanded inferior border (white arrow) of the mandible without any perforation.
 A 20-year-old boy with deformity of the chest.PA chest X-ray
 CT image showed fluid effusion in his left sphenoid sinus.
 MIP image showing FDG uptake in left hemithorax corresponding to lung mass (arrowhead) and two large foci of uptake in the pelvis (arrows)
 Measurement of cervical length using the TV approach
 Noncontrast CT scan showing age related atrophy changes.
 Radiograph showed concentric reduction of both hips
 Case 2 antero-posterior radiography.
 MRI angiogram of left foot. High signal in the midfoot bone around the intermediate and lateral cuneiform bones in keeping with a venous malformation.
 Chest X-ray. The chest X-ray showed a cardiothoracic ratio of 36% with a dull right costophrenic angle.
 MRI scan taken after ETV and EVD insertion showing wide supratentorial subdural space, along with marginal increase in the posterior fossa cyst (solid white arrows) and anterior displacement and compression of the brain stem against the clivus (black linear arrows). The brain stem was kinked and compressed, and the fourth ventricle was distorted and occluded (white linear arrows). The foramen magnum was crowded by the cerebellar tonsils compromising the medulla
 Chest computed tomography 4 weeks after surveillance. Axillary lymphadenopathy disappeared (solid arrow).
 Middle third of the chest in computed tomography scan performed on the 11th day of hospitalization showed foci of pulmonary consolidation and cavities with thickened walls and fluid levels
 After four years of orthodontic treatment, some severe inflammatory root resorptions (Malmgren's grade 4) were mistakenly treated by means of endodontic therapy as revealed by digital panoramic radiograph.
 Chest computed tomography of a 57-year-old woman with community-associated methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia shows multiple patchy consolidations in both lower lobes and the middle right lobe.
 Radiographie de face de l'humérus droit montrant une tuméfaction en regard de l’épiphyse et diaphyse humérale correspondant à un plasmocytome cutané: déminéralisation diffuse avec un amincissement des corticales; lésions ostéolytiques multiples à type de geode
 An enlarged pituitary mass (arrows) is seen in the pituitary fossa by CT. Bar=1 cm.
 CT scan of leg: A loculated cyst, identified as a Baker’s cyst, can be seen medial to the knee and superior to the gastrocnemius and soleus muscles. Medial to the loculated cysts is a calcified body, which is a common finding of arthritic changes
 Plain x-ray showing laminated intraabdominal stone.
 Endoscopic ultrasound picture of the mass
 Post-contrast coronal T1-weighted sequence in a 33-year-old woman who presents with right proptosis demonstrates extensive dural thickening and enhancement along the greater wing of sphenoid consistent with an en plaque meningioma (large arrow). The lesion results in marked hyperostosis of the greater wing of sphenoid with resultant indentation of the right temporal lobe. Further enhancing tumour is identified external to the calvarium between the greater wing of sphenoid and the temporalis muscle (small arrow)
 Figure 2: The fat suppressed T2W MRI sequence confirms the presence of fat within the lesion as shown by the arrow.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph in relation to 46
 Ultrasonography scan demonstrating moderate hydronephrosis with no renal stone. Arrow indicate dilated pelvicalyceal system
 Portal venous gas. This moribund patient was known to have small bowel ischaemia. The AXR demonstrates extensive linear gas shadowing with characteristic extension to the peripheries of the liver. This pattern is in keeping with portal venous gas, an ominous radiological finding. Distended loops of small bowel are noted in the left lower corner of the film (white arrows).
 Korner's septum
 Pre-operative abdominal x-ray showing a gastric and duodenum distention with paucity of small bowel gas distally, suggesting duodenal atresia and malrotation.
 Difficult examination due to patient distress. The foot and ankle has been held in a moderate degree of plantar flexion and internal rotation. Soft tissue swelling and posterior effusion is noted. Allowing even for the immature skeleton and positioning there appears to be significant widening of the subtalar joints and as this is the specific area of tenderness, bruising, inflammation, and some subtalar subluxation is suspected
 T1 magnetic resonance image of gallbladder neoplasm (at arrowhead).
 Dynamic thickness of cavernosal tissue.
 Foot X ray of the 16 year old daughter, showing osteopoikilotic lesions.
 Mason 1 radial head fracture.
 Catheter positions (the ablation catheter approaches the AV groove via a left sided liver vein) in another young patient with visceral heterotaxy, undergoing ablation of an accessory pathway.
 Bone age radiograph of patient’s younger brother showing the cone shaped epiphyses with diffuse shortening of the phalanges.
 Difficult 7: Cumulative Dwell Time heat map.
  Chest computed tomography findings classified as cryptogenic organizing pneumonia pattern (case 12). Bilateral air‐space consolidations with airbronchogram are observed.
 2014 Mammogram. Stable radiopaque wire overlying right breast; interval postlumpectomy changes without malignancy.
 Panoramic radiograph (preoperative)
 Failed attempt showing vague contrast spread.
 MRI brain T2 hyperintensity signal involving subcortical white matter of the occipital lobes bilaterally greatest on the right.
 Chest radiographs revealed multiple pulmonary metastases (arrow).
 RTG lateral view: Chest X-ray found a massive, diffuse lung consolidation, with reactive hila
 Chest X-ray at follow up: 5 months after repair of diaphragmatic hernia.
 Successful embolization of the pseudoaneurysm with Gelfoam pledgets and Tornado coils.
 CT scans demonstrating the dissection at the level of the renal arteries.
 Measurement of optic nerve sheath diameter on initial brain computed tomography scan
 Agitated saline bubble study during intracardiac echocardiography. Agitated saline bubbles are shown into the LA confirming successful septal puncture. Subject's heart rate and rhythm are unchanged, indicating good tolerance to this manoeuvre.
 Radiograph of the reconstruction.
 Port placement in left robot-assisted laparoscopic pyeloplasty.
 Intraoperative angiogram showing the SFA lying lateral to the distal femoral fixator pin with diminished distal flow.
 CT scan showing obliterated frontal sinus due to multiple surgeries.
 Photograph of X-ray chest showing broken safety pin in right bronchus of the patient
 PET-CT scan showing a slight FDG uptake in the tumor with a minor compression of the heart.
 Anterior-posterior radiograph ankle arthrodesis.Anterior to posterior ankle radiograph with the measurement of the frontal tibiotalar angle (FTTA). The FTTA is the superomedial angle between the two axes A and B. A = longitudinal axis of the tibia, created by connecting two points in the middle of the proximal and the distal tibial shaft (according to method B). B = axis of the talus, defined by a line drawn through the talar shoulders.
 Chest radiograph in a lateral position, with pleural effusion in the left hemithorax (arrows)
 A 17-year-old male after a motorbike crash. MDCT scan and multiplanar coronal reconstruction showing complete rupture of the inferior lobe of the bronchus (arrow) causing pneumomediastinum (arrowhead) and pneumothorax. Areas of consolidation due to contusion are also seen in the upper as well as inferior lobes
 Soft tissue x-ray showed increased density on medial aspect of right lower leg
 A lymph node of a case with homogeneous echogenicity
 Post-hepatectomy ERCP. Post-hepatectomy ERCP demonstrating extravasation of contrast (black arrow) from the confluence of the right hepatic duct and left hepatic duct stumps.
 A magnetic resonance image showing a large pseudoaneurism/aneurism with scar (late enhancement).
 Right atrial and right ventricular dilatation in acute pulmonary embolism
 Bilateral choanal atresia is seen in axial plane computer tomography of the paranasal sinuses.
 Coupe tomodensitométrique mettant en évidence la masse rétro-péritonéale pseudo encapsule au dessous du pédicule rénale gauche, mesurant 96x88mm et refoulant la VCI et l'aorte vers la droite
 CT Case 2; coronal section demonstrating herniation of the gastric fundus through a diaphragmatic defect-note (as indicated by arrow) air-fluid level in herniated fundus indicating obstruction.
 Representative T2-weighted spine magnetic resonance image showing the dimensions of the three approaching lines and the angle between the ‘U’ and the ‘L’ lines. The line on the vertical distance from the dura mater to the spinal cord (DTC) was estimated to be perpendicular to the spinal cord (SC) and dura mater at each level and started from the midpoint between the two adjacent vertebral bodies. The ‘U’ line is the line contacting the upper border of the interspinous space and the ‘L’ line contacts the lower border of the interspinous space. The ‘M’ line passes the midpoint of two spinous process tips and the point that bisects the ligamentum flavum between the two spinous processes.
 Dr Ian Bickle, Consultant Radiologist, Raja Isteri Penigran Anak Saleha Hospital, Bandar seri Begawan, Brunei Darussalam.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the right femur reveals ill-defined trabecular osteolysis associated with periosteal buttressing (arrows), indicating a relatively slow-growing lesion. A bone biopsy (arrowhead) confirmed the diagnosis
 Post-operative radiological view of case1
 T2W sagittal MRI showing multiple areas of intermediate to high signal in the right femoral head and pelvis.
 X-ray of abdomen, taken on 05 December 2000, shows baclofen pump on the right side. The electrodes of sacral anterior root stimulator can be seen in midline in the lumbar area. The wires for the sacral anterior root stimulator travel to the left side of abdomen where the receiver is located.
 Chest X-ray Showing Bilateral Enlargement of Upper Mediastinal and Deviation of Trachea
 Hémorragie intra-ventriculaire
 Computed tomography scan of enlarged sausage-like pancreas prior steroid treatment.
 Axial MR STIR sequence. Oedema is evident in the paratenon of the common extensor origin (arrows)
 Fluoroscopic image showing correct alignment as shown by extramedullary rod in reference to the centre of the femoral head
 Follow-up computed tomography brain showing calcification and reduction of tumor size
 Multifocal invasive ductal carcinoma in a 53-year-old woman with dense breasts. The left mediolateral oblique view mammogram shows a very dense breast with no obvious lesion.
 Postoperative Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) cervical spine (T2-weighted) showing complete excision
  Computed tomography scan reconstruction at 1-year follow-up, showing appropriate fusion.
 Coupe TDM cérébrale axiale sans injection d’un patient de 44 ans hospitalisé pour hémiplégie gauche montrant une hypodensité large touchant la substance blanche et substance grise du territoire de l’artère sylvienne totale droite
 A non-contrast CT KUB was performed which showed a 2–3 mm stone in pelvic part of the left ureter.
 Cone-beam computed tomography four years later.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showed peripherally enhancing lesions in right fronto-parietal and left fronto-temporo-parieto-occipital region involving grey and white matter, subcortical region and corpus callosum; acute disseminated encephalomyelitis
 Axial view of computerized tomography myelography visualizing only a part of the rootlets.
 Radiographic followup.
 DSA image reveals AVF between right common iliac artery (black arrow) and left common iliac vein (white arrow) at the bifurcation of iliac artery. Proximal right internal iliac artery also contributes to the AVF (arrowhead).
 Sagittal section of CT scan showing the hematoma.
 Cardiac computed tomography showing pulmonary valve fibroelastoma (arrow).
 Postselective left renal intra-arterial thrombolysis with stent in situ
  X-ray of the patient revealing a sewing needle projecting into the bladder area.
 Plain CT scan shows a peripherally located left upper lobe mass with heterogeneous density, demonstrating a large area abutting the pleura (arrow), which is typically the preferred site for a biopsy
 A MRCP image shows sever stenosis in the middle common bile duct (arrow). Gallbladder was not clearly visualized
 Axial CT with bone window settings: expansile lesion replacing right ethmoid air cells surrounded by thin rim of bone deficient in places and extension of the lesion into right orbit (open arrows).
 Two-dimensional ultrasound image of right femoral vein (V) and right femoral artery (A) in a 3065 g neonate demonstrated the compressibility of the right femoral vein (V) by gentle pressure of the probe on the skin
 Magnetic resonance image showing typical “coaxial cable-like” appearance of median nerve in T2-TSE sequence
 19-year-old male with Segond fracture. AP (top) and lateral (above) radiographs show femoral and tibial tunnels from prior ACL reconstruction. A small osseous fragment is adjacent to the lateral tibial plateau (arrow), compatible with a Segond fracture or lateral capsular avulsion.
 Computed chest tomography: thick-walled cavitary lesion of 15 × 26 mm in size in posterobasal segment of the right lung lower lobe.
 Computed tomography of abdomen, which was performed four months later, revealed erosion of symphysis pubis with a few bony fragments in the joint space (red arrow).
 Right coronary artery (LAO 53, caudal 0,3).
 MRI axial view of the proximal region of the left thigh weighted in T1. White arrow, hyposignal and expansive formation in muscle planes in the anteromedial region of the left thigh. Black arrow, adjacent cyst with presence of fluid collection and thick content and debris inside.
 Discography findings showing leakage of contrast media into the annular tear. At this time, the patient reported concordant low back pain, which was completely relieved by intradiscal injection.
 The axial fat saturated proton density weighted image demonstrates a fluid collection in the SM-TCL bursa.
  18FLT-PET in patient with adenocarcinoma tubulare G2 (G3). SUVmax⁡ = 7.32.
 Prenatal ultrasound scans image of the fetus.Transabdominal transverse section of the fetal head at 38 weeks of gestation shows dilated third ventricle (V) with absent thalami and basal ganglia and cerebral cortex.
 Left parasternal caudal long-axis view of the left ventricular outflow tract. The left ventricle and aorta are observed. The transversa view of the aortic valve is recognized as a thin echoic line. Ds, dorsal; Vt, ventral; RV, right ventricle; LV, left ventricle; RA, right atrium; IVS, interventricular septum, Ao, aorta; AV, aortic valve; Oc, ossa chordis.
 MRI axial image shows a large tumour which causes destruction of body and ramus of the right mandible (arrow).
 Minimal sclerosis with neither lytic lesion nor cortical distruction. No soft tissue swelling
 Right coronary artery (RCA) after bare metal implantation in the mid RCA.
 This patient was a 41 year old female. Her chief complaint was an occlusive pain in the upper left molar.
 MRI of pelvis at the level of the bladder and rectum. Arrow: colovesicular fistula.
 Radiograph of right hand. Lines indicate length of the midpoint of the proximal end of the proximal phalanx to the midpoint of the distal end of the distal phalanx. The fourth digit is longer than the second digit and this is the case in all but one specimen
 Case 1. Figure 1a – anteroposterior (AP) radiograph upon presentation to the specialist orthopaedic oncology unit, showing distal progression of the disease and impending fracture of the implant. Figure 1b – angiogram showing selective embolisation of the proximal metastatic deposit. Figure 1c – post-operative AP radiograph taken three days after total femoral replacement.
 Chest radiograph showing infiltrates bilaterally.
 CT scan showing IUCD in the rectum
 New periosteal bone formation in the right angle of the mandible (arrow).
 Computerized tomography scan.
 Computed tomography of the chest (II). CT of the chest: Nodular and reticular interstitial lung involvement.
 Color Doppler sonography. Serous cystadenoma in the head of the pancreas showing poor signs of flow. “Honeycomb” structure with cystic areas and central scar
 Barium swallow post pericardial drainage
 Axial T1 weighted MRI image demonstrating FFT as a hyperintense intrathecal dot like structure in patient 1
 Chest computed tomography showed an 8 × 12 cm sized bulla in right lung.
 Angulation proposed in the studies of Fujii et al. [11] and Hyomoto et al. [10], to the value of 77.3°, in green. Angulation proposed by Yahara et al. [12], to the value of 17.5°, in blue.
 Incidental nodule in the left lobe of the thyroid gland (arrow).
 CT scan demonstrating enlargement of the bilateral intraocular rectus.
 Fundus photograph showing a total retinal reattachment at the 24-month follow-up.
 X-ray showing calcified hydatid cyst of liver.
 Contrast enhanced CT (longitudinal section) showing same mass with normal liver and lung fields.
 Gray-scale sonography of the patient's thyroid gland during follow-up (right lobe, transverse view)
 associated injury (coronoid fracture) on radiograph
 T2-Weighted MRI of the abdomen demonstrating high-attenuation characteristic of pheochromocytoma.
 TOE: Mid-oesophageal short axis view demonstrating SAM. LA – Left atrium, LV – Left ventricle, AML – Anterior mitral leaflet, LVOT – Left ventricular outflow tract, RV – Right ventricle
 Eighteen months postoperative radiograph
 Method of measuring alignment using the cephalic endplate of the upper vertebrae and the caudal endplate of the lower vertebrae of the involved segment.ROM of the segment can be calculated by the difference between extension (A) and flexion (B) angles.
 Contrast enhanced axial MDCT image demonstrates the presence of intussusception (black arrow) with an accompanying complex of mesenteric fat and blood vessels (white arrow). Dilated small bowel loops due to obstruction (arrowheads) and a moderate amount of free fluid (five-pointed star) are seen.
 Fractures of the right second to fifth ribs with sclerosis and incomplete bony bridging, attributable to radionecrosisFractures identified by red arrows
 Lateral projection: confirm needle insertion depth. Observe the clivus and sella turcica.
  Sagittal view of head magnetic resonance image shows evidence that the lesion might extend beyond the sphenoid sinus lateral wall toward the skull base, possibly affecting the cavernous sinus.
 Chest X-ray (PA) view showing right mediastinal widening.
 Anterior-posterior View After 7 Months of Weight Bearing in the Extension Brace, Showing Improved Bone Quality
 17 mm × 18 mm mobile obstructing mass within the left ventricular outflow tract attached to the aortic valve and the interventricular septum. LVOT = left ventricular outflow tract, AV = aortic valve, and Ao = aorta.
 The computed tomography angiography showing the dissection
 Axial T2 weighted MR image after the conclusion of salvage chemotherapy demonstrating the complete disappearance of the lesion.
 CT of abdomen demonstrating degree of pancreatitis.
 Inner ear, S. suis infected pig (animal C). Suppurative labyrinthitis with exudate (arrow) in the perilymph of the cochlear scala tympani. HE × 4.
 Enteroclysis, revealing the loss of the normal mucosal pattern of the jejunal segment of the small bowel, suggesting ischemia.
 This is an anterior segment optical coherence tomography (AS-OCT) image of a treated cornea. There is evident hyperreflectivity visualized over and under the LASIK flap underlined by the red arrows
 Sublabral recess. Coronal oblique T1-weighted MR arthrogram demonstrates medially oriented cleft (arrowhead) between the superior labrum and the glenoid outlined by contrast media which was also diagnosed as a sublabral recess with a stable biceps insertion on arthroscopy (not shown). Note meniscoid shape of superior labrum (*) and integrity of the biceps anchor (arrow)
 71-year-old man with Merkel cell carcinoma metastasis. B, Enhanced axial MR SPGR image with fat saturation shows the right proximal tibial MCC metastasis. There is soft tissue invasion with increased signal intensity extending beyond the proximal tibial cortex anteromedially and posterolaterally (arrows).
 Chest radiograph taken on admission at the outside hospital.
 Cone-beam computed tomography immediately after implant installation with the autogenous tooth bone graft block.
 Primar neuroradiological MRI: blotchy melted lesions of high shadow intensity infratentorially in cerebellum
  BCT scan showing fracture of the skull base (full arrow), bone fragment (striped arrow), and pneumocephalus (arrow top).
 Sagittal T2W SE image of the left cervical region. A heterogenous, hyperintense mass (carotid body tumor) (arrow) with multiple signal voids is visible caudal from the bulla (b) to the caudal part of the atlas (C1). A lobulated, elongated more homogeneous mass (medial retropharyngeal lymph node) (asterisk) is visible streching out to the caudal part of C4. The CCA (cca) is visible laterally from this mass.
 Optical coherence tomography image of the left anterior descending artery demonstrating intimal flap (indicated by white arrow).
 CT Scan of the patient demonstrating the tumour mass
 Clostridium difficile colitis: a 40-year-old woman with a history of Hodgkin lymphoma. She presented to the emergency room on day 7 after her chemotherapy with abdominal pain and diarrhea. The coronal reformatted CT demonstrated diffuse marked colonic wall thickening suggestive of Clostridium difficile colitis. This was confirmed by fecal analysis. The patient was treated for this with resolution of the colonic wall thickening.
 Renal ultrasonogram of the right kidney showing highly echogenic renal medulla and no acoustic shadows: features are more than expected from prematurity but suggestive of nephrocalcinosis. The left kidney was equally affected
 Chest X-ray of our patient after right first rib resection.
 Grade 3 FDG uptake in the oesophagus in patient 8. He developed Streptococcus mitis bacteraemia during the neutropenic phase
 Right lateral view of abdominal radiography. There was a soft tissue density mass (arrows) caudal to urinary bladder (UB). There was normal colon (C).
 Abdominal CT scan: extensive retroperitoneal and pararenal abscesses on the left side at the L3–4 level (> 25 cm length) (arrow).
 Head CT showing encephalomalacia in the right frontal lobe.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan of the chest showed diffuse interstitial thickening and ground glass opacities.
 Contrast swallow study, plain radiograph of abdomen 30 minutes after contrast ingestion. Gastrografin contrast study demonstrating proximal jejunal dilatation with an abrupt transition point at the jejunoileal anastomosis. No further contrast passage distally, with associated collapsed small bowel.
 MRI reveals the presence of pyriform sinus fistula and the extension of abscess toward pyriform fossa.
 Image Intensifier picture showing the Gigli saw passed through the tunnel created by the cannulated drill bit
 Bilateral AComP aplasia.
 Coronary angiogram showing 75% stenosis in the left anterior descending artery and 70% stenosis in left circumflex artery
 Hiatal hernia.
 Technetium-99m bone scan showed focally increased uptake in the distal tibia.
 Grade III pancreatic injury (white arrow).
 Segmentation of Abdomen (CT image using threshold technique)
 Panoramic radiograph of case 1.
 66-year-old male presented with hematuria and was diagnosed with sarcoma of the left SV. Axial T2-weighted MRI of the left SV demonstrates a large low T2 signal infiltrative mass with invasion of the bladder base. On histologic evaluation, the mass was found to be a sarcoma originating from the left SV.
 Abdominal X-Ray 5 days post laparotomy.
 Initial chest CT demonstrated the extent of the airspace filling process. Ground glass opacities were seen in all lobes of the right lung with ground glass opacity identified in the left upper and left lower lobes to a lesser extent. In addition, there is dense right middle lobe consolidation.
 After embolization of the recurrent fistula, the DAVF is no longer visible on right external carotid artery angiogram.
 Double thoracostomy tube drains were inserted into each pneumatocele separately.
 Coronal T1-weighted image demonstrating a large left adrenal mass. There are small pockets of high T1 signal intensity in the mass in keeping with fat (arrows). The adrenal mass was resected and the pathological specimen confirmed a myelolipoma with scant amounts of macroscopic fat.
 X-ray soft tissue neck showing impacted coin.
 Abdominal ultrasound showed splenomegaly (17,27 × 8,7 cm) and free fluid in the left iliac fossa.
 Automatic implantable defibrillator implanted.
 Gross ascites with freely floating bowel loops
 Chest X-ray showing enlargement of the cardiac silhouette.
 Intra-operative angiogram illustrating embolization coils in pseudoaneurysm and endoleak tract.
 A 47-year-old perimenopausal woman with uterine inversion. Longitudinal transabdominal gray scale ultrasound image shows heterogeneous echo textured well-defined mass lesion measured 112 × 114 mm at the cervico-vaginal level. Uterine morphology is not obvious because of the giant mass.
 Computed tomography scan showing the location of the tumor beside the anus, and the appreciable affect on its normal structure.
 Sclerotic lesion in pars interarticularis of L3 vertebra
 M-mode demonstrating normal RV systolic function, as indicated by TAPSE 2.1 cm.
 54-year-old man with left elbow pain ∼1.6 years (Tendinopathy score = 2; PRTEE score = 57). Coronal T2-weighted fat-suppressed MR image shows moderate focal increased signal in tendon (white arrow). PRTEE = Patient-Rated Tennis Elbow Evaluation.
 Antero-posterior radiograph at 6 months.
 Diagrammatic illustration showing that the screw angle δ′ for a screw placed at a medialization distance a should equal the sum of retroacetabular angle θ and the allowance angle α.
 Preoperative radiograph (Group I)
 Top: Normal Spectralis spectral domain optical coherence tomography (SD OCT) image with intact photoreceptor inner segment/outer segment junction (IS/OS). Bottom: Spectralis SD OCT from the left eye of patient 10 showing the “flying saucer” sign of hydroxychloroquine retinopathy, an ovoid appearance of the central fovea created by preservation of central foveal outer retinal structures (seen between the black arrows) surrounded by perifoveal loss of the photoreceptor IS/OS junction, and perifoveal outer retinal thinning.Abbreviations: ILM, internal limiting membrane; IPL, inner plexiform layer; OPL, outer plexiform layer; ELM, external limiting membrane; RPE, retinal pigment epithelium.
 Contrast-enhanced CT revealed a large tumor in the entire abdomen and showed septum in the cystic tumor.
 One slice from CAT scan of the lungs showing patchy bilateral areas of ground glass infiltrates and multiple pneumatoceles taken from a patient with Pneumocystis.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CECT) of the abdomen and pelvis showed a huge well-defined, homogeneous, fat-containing, soft-tissue, intra-abdominal tumor measuring approximately 12×12×7 cm (asterisk). Lipoma or liposarcoma was highly suspected based on these imaging findings.
 Inflammatory stricture of the right ureter
 Portal venous confluence is seen behind the neck of the pancreas from the descending duodenum. Inferior mesenteric vein is also seen joining the junction of splenic vein with superior mesenteric vein.
 59-year-old female presented with swelling of the neck that had been there for 8 months, gray-scale ultrasound image of the right lobe of thyroid gland in a transverse plane shows a solitary, poorly marginated, markedly hypoechoic lesion (arrows) occupying majority of the right lobe (follicular carcinoma thyroid; thyroid imaging reporting and data system category 4B).
 Chest radiograph showing normal cardiac silhouette, with a round shape resulting from myocardial hypertrophy due to an obstructive lesion on the right side.
 X-ray chest showing levocardia (cardiac apex on the left side of the thorax)
 Mammogram of the left breast. A lobulated mass with a smooth surface could be seen. Mammogram of the right breast was not performed due to the presence of a huge mass and skin ulceration.
 Picture of pseudoaneurysm in power Doppler.
 Brain computed tomography scans showing how to measure the maximal distance between the skull and brain parenchyma (arrow).
 Transesophageal echocardiogram showed a left atrial mass at the base of the posterior mitral valve leaflet with mobile fronds.
 Susceptibility weighted magnetic resonance imaging image shows multiple micro-bleeds in basal ganglia, left thalamus (black arrow) and at the gray-white matter junction (white arrow)
 Representative enhanced depth imaging optical coherence tomography scan of a control subject. Choroidal thickness was measured as the distance between the hyperreflective line of the retinal pigment epithelium-Bruch's membrane complex and the innermost hyperreflective line of the choroid-sclera junction. For illustration purposes, the resultant images were reinverted.
 Sagittal fat-saturated T2-weighted sequence shows extensive muscle and subcutaneous edema with synovitis (arrow), reflecting septic arthritis. Confluent marrow edema pattern in the posterior aspect of the medial tibial plateau is suspicious for osteomyelitis. This was 6 weeks after partial medial meniscectomy.
 Computed tomography scan of abdomen with contrast showing the right renal mass
 Periprosthetic atypical femoral fractures under the cement mantle. The lateral cortex is thickened and the fracture line is short oblique. This patient sustained minimal trauma when the fracture took place.
 Axial T2 TSE through the base of the tongue shows a circumscribed mass centered left of midline in the posterior base of the tongue. The tumor has a smooth, well-defined border, with no invasion into adjacent muscle.
 Another 10 yo male with ERA (Patient 4). Coronal 2D FIESTA (pre-contrast) showing prominent vasa recta (large arrow) and mesenteric lymph nodes (small arrows). The TI is not visualized on this sequence, and was normal in this patient (not shown).
 Mandibular occlusal radiograph reveals a well-defined expansion of both the buccal and lingual cortical plates arising from lower right 1st molar region, with evidence of septa suggesting a multi-locular appearance and diffuse irregular radiopacity within the largely radiolucent lesion
 Adrenal metastasis in a 61-year-old female. CT scan indicates the presence in the right adrenal gland area of an ovalshaped low-attenuated, 4 cm-sized mass (arrow). Needle biopsy confirmed the occurrence of metastatic carcinoma.
 Liver tumor had markedly reduced on follow-up abdomen computed tomography image.
 Normal motility. Dilute BaSO4 in the the colon and rectum. She tolerated a general diet, had a bowel movement, and was discharged within 24 hours of resective surgery. Note the laxative action of the excess feedings. 8:00 am – 16 hour motility, 21 hours after a right hemicolectomy.
 Excroissance osseuse ovalaire et bien limitée de la partie proximale du péroné gauche
 Endoscopic ultrasound: Well-defined heterogeneously echotextured lesion located posterior to the inferior border of the thyroid lobe. Cystic area is seen in the lesion (white bold arrow)
 The scanographic aspect of the left hilar mass
 MRI-brain showing right cerebellar abscess (arrow)
 PA chest x-ray demonstrating cardiomegaly, bilateral opacities, and pleural effusions.
 CXR: mild cardiomegaly with increased parahilar vascularity.
 Secondary yaws: radiographic evidence of osteoperiostitis. Copyright Oriol Mitjà.
 Chest X-Ray indicates cardiomegaly, interstitial oedema, and fibrotic scar from previous lung infection.
 Coronal T2 weighted MRI of the brain showing fused frontal lobes of both the cerebral hemisphere
 Coronal MRI of the abdomen showing a large circumscribed homogenous cyst occupying the left hypochondrium (A). Note the crossed ectopia of the left kidney (B) and the upper pole of the right kidney (C).
 Angiogram showing stenoses of the right renal artery in case 2.
 Postoperative 8 years scanogram of the lower extremity shows no axial deviation or discrepancies of leg length.
 Axial view on preoperative magnetic resonance imaging (T2-weighted). A circle shows hyperintense mass with hypointense spaces suggesting phleboliths.
 Axial FLAIR sequence.
 Doppler graph showing peak systolic velocity-middle cerebral artery of Case 2
 Initial chest X-ray revealing bronchogenic cyst in the posterior right middle lobe (10 × 10 × 8 cm3).
 CT image of right mediastinal mass compressing the right atrium.
 A 25-year-old female with uterine arteriovenous malformation who presented with postcoital vaginal bleeding. Doppler ultrasound image of uterus shows typical mosaic pattern signals (arrow) with the spectral analysis revealing a high-velocity flow with low-resistance index suggesting arteriovenous malformation
 Fluoroscopic image of the superior mesenteric artery with guidewire and self-expanding stent in situ.
 Contrast examination of the ileus tube shows total obstruction of the ileum by the mass.
 Ultrasonogram shows a well-defined marked hypoechoic nodule in the left lobe of the thyroid gland without a peripheral halo margin, micro calcification, or cystic component.
  Anteroposterior X-ray of postoperative UKA infection.
 Magnetic resonance imaging evaluation demonstrated normal signal of both anterior and posterior cruciate ligaments (arrows).
 Postoperative CT scan.
 A view of urinary leakage in intravenous pyelography.
 .Coronal MIP image showing a bunch of para-oesophageal collaterals (asterisk) being supplied by a dilated left gastric vein (arrows)
 A retained Jackson-Pratt drain resting over the dome of the liver and traversing the right posterior hepatic space and transverse colon.
 Ultrasound of left eye demonstrating a small flap irregularity on posterior retina near optic nerve indicating the retinal detachment (red arrow).
 Magnetic resonance imaging brain showing a hyper intense mass in the left fronto-parietal region with peri-lesional oedema
 IVP indicated a huge filling defect in the areas of bladder. IVP = intravenous pyelogram.
 A 71-year-old man with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, pulmonary hypertension, and prior pulmonary tuberculosis infection presenting with progressive dyspnea, diagnosed with tuberculosis-associated fibrosing mediastinitis. Chest posteroanterior radiograph showing bilateral peri-hilar soft tissue densities (white arrows) with right apical, pleural thickening and volume loss (black arrow head).
 Voxel located in the white matter of the left parietal region – transverse cross-section, T2-weighted image.
 In magnetic resonance image, patellar surface lesion is interpreted to be grade II
 LAO cranial view of the RCA. Origin of the LAD artery from the ostium of the RCA can be seen, along with severe stenosis of the proximal portion of the LAD artery. The distal LAD artery with septal branches can also be seen.
 Suprapubic FAST view in a male patient showing free fluid (FF) posterior to bladder space but anterior to the prostate (SP2).
 Measurement of slip angle.
 Patient 1: Twenty-four-year-old male after bike accident.
 CT at the level of the circle of Willis showing air within the circle of Willis (open arrow) anterior cerebral artery (small arrow) and peripheral cerebral arteries (solid arrow)
 CT scan of recurrent stump appendicitis. Appendix is dilated and fluid filled with evidence of surrounding inflammation (arrow).
 T2 weighted MRI brain coronal section showing parasagittal hyper intense mass with mass effect
 Post-operative orthopantomogram case 2
 Coronary angiogram (left anterior oblique projection) – arrow showing the aortocoronary dissection of the right coronary artery (RCA)
 Chest X-ray showing catheter in left internal mammary vein
 Post-surgery echo of left atrial appendage
 Brain MRI scan of a patient with an intragenic tandem duplication in the PAFAH1B1 gene. Axial T2-weighted brain image indicating the occurrence of predominant agyria in the posterior regions, and pachygyria in the anterior regions. The patient was diagnosed with grade 3 lissencephaly
 AP chest X-ray showing pneumomediastinum
 Echocardiographic image showing noncollapsible inferior vena cava with pericardial effusion.
 Coupe frontale de l'IRM hypothalamo-hypophysaire: interruption de la tige pituitaire
 Cholangiocarcinoma in a 56-year-old man. CT image shows omental involvement with infiltration and nodules (arrows). A biliary stent is also present (arrowhead). Splenomegaly is present
 Neck and shoulder X-ray demonstrates geographic and well-circumscribed opacities.
 A 3-month postoperative panoramic radiograph.
 Cavography in a patient with Budd Chiari syndrome. Note that the right hepatic vein was almost completely occluded (arrow).
 MRI of the upper spinal column T2-weighted sequence, sagittal plane. White arrow showing a 7,8 mm by 3,2 mm cyst at the Th2-3 level on the right side.
 Retrograde pyelonephrography.
 Hip joint X-ray. The image shows joint space narrowing, osteosclerosis and osteophyte formation in left hip joint, accompanied by the dysplastic hip.
 CT imaging around the hip showing marked gluteus muscle atrophy.
 Radiograph demonstrating erosions adjacent to the pubic symphysis, spurring, and subchondral sclerosis.
 Gated cardiac computed tomography scan was performed to evaluate the coronary arteries and showed patent coronary arteries of normal anatomy (not shown). Axial image shows left ventricle lateral wall noncompaction with prominent trabeculation (arrows)
 Metastatic breast carcinoma in the third metacarpal and base of the fifth metacarpal. Radiograph of the right hand reveals extensive lytic destruction of the proximal two thirds of the middle metacarpal plus permeative lytic change in the base of the fifth metacarpal.
 Coronary CT angiogram showing giant saphenous venous graft aneurysm (a) compressing the pulmonary artery (b).
 X-ray cystogram showing colovesical fistula (red arrow) connecting the bladder to the proximal sigmoid colon
 The postoperative radiograph (lateral view).
 Tethered cord. Axial US image shows dorsal position of the conus (arrow) and an enlarged ventral CSF space (CSF)
 CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis coronal section
 Computed tomography (CT) scan of the abdomen showed the mass occupying the retroperitoneal space and infiltrating the ascending colon.
 A 21-week fetus with tricuspid atresia. Fetal CMR B-TFE four-chamber view image shows the absence of the connection between the right atrium and the right ventricle, the hypoplastic right ventricle (arrow) with an associated ventricular septal defect (open arrow)
 Silicosis. Axial CT at the mediastinal window shows multiple calcified nodules with a conglomerate mass of fibrosis in the upper lobes (arrows)
 Enlarged lacrimals pushing eyeballs
 Chest radiograph after chest tube insertion. A chest tube is inserted in the right thorax, and the size of the pneumothorax decreases. The radiograph shows retroperitoneal air collection with subcutaneous emphysema at the left chest wall and in the neck region.
 Non-contrasted computed tomographic scan of the brain with multiple hypodensities in the cerebellum.
 Typical MRI scan changes in ACTH adenoma. No enhancing mass lesion is seen in the sella turcia under the T1-weighted postcontrast MRI scan performed 2 years after GKRS. Patient 1's clinical symptom did improve. His serum ACTH level came down to 40.4 pg/ml, and his blood pressure was controlled within 140/80 mmHg.
 Parasternal short-axis view of the heart by epicardial echocardiography shows the large apicomuscular VSD.
 48-year-old male with pheochromocytoma. Axial, contrast-enhanced CT demonstrated a 6.8cm left adrenal mass (arrow) with predominantly peripheral enhancement and central necrosis (arrow). The lesion implied mass effect and posterior displacement of the left kidney.
 Fluorescein angiography shows an irregular fluorescein transmission pattern without leakage.
 A clove of garlic swallowed as a pinworms treatment.
 T2 FAT SAT image shows a heterogeneous lesion containing hyperintense peripheral areas. Medullar invasion is evident (white arrow). A coexisting popliteal cyst is also present (asterisk). Proposed drawing of the growth of the tumor, explaining the images.
 AP Radiograph of hands: Lytic destruction of 2nd metacarpal and distal carpal row on radial side of right hand
 Right internal iliac arteriogram shows the right uterine artery (arrow) before embolization (no contrast medium extravasation).
 A T1-weighted gadolinium enhanced sagittal MRI scan demonstrating heterogeneous signal intensity between the trapezius and splenius capitis muscle layer.
 Intraoperative ultrasound imageRed asterisks mark fat grafting depots. White asterisks mark the internal carotid artery and vein. The green asterisk marks the posterior fascia of the SCM.
 Six-week postoperative AP radiograph of the left knee after revision TKA.
 Preoperative sella MRI of the patient indicating a 3 × 2.8 × 2.2 cm intrasellar mass extending superiorly.
 multi-planar, multi-sequence MRI imaging of the thoracic spine. Pre and post contrast sagittal and axial T1, and turbo T2 sequences acquired. An irregular masslike density predominantly T1 and T2 hyperintense with a serpiginous contour is demonstrated in epidural location, as a mass surrounding the thoracic cord. The lesion extends from the T1 level distally through the lower thoracic spine.
 Filling defect in the SMV extending to the peripheral vein of the jejunum.
 Contrast-enhanced CT of paranasal sinuses done prior to functional endoscopic sinus surgery, showed no orbital cystic lesion at the left orbital apex.Abbreviation: CT, computed tomography.
 Metastatic pancreatic neuroendocrine tumour. Axial contrast-enhanced MDCT shows the typical hypervascular peritoneal deposits from a neuroendocrine tumour (arrows).
 Coronal 2D FIESTA Fat Suppressed image demonstrating multiple stones within the gall bladder.
 Persistent left superior vena cava.
 Pretreatment echocardiography showing severely depressed left ventricular systolic function.
 21-year-old female patient with swelling on the right side of the face and discharge of pus from the right nostril, diagnosed with dentigerous cyst of the maxillary sinus. Coronal computed tomography (CT) scan shows impacted tooth along with the radiopaque borders (arrow) in the right maxillary sinus.
 Chest radiograph. Chest X-ray showing bilateral airspace disease.
 59-year-old woman with congenital bronchoesophageal fistula. Barium esophogram shows the fistula between the esophagus and the right mainstem bronchus.
 CT angiography showing jejunal varices with no bleeding.
 Initial contrast-enhanced computed tomography images. Thickening of the entire circumference of the gastric body wall (arrows) was displayed. A swollen lymph node was displayed in the lesser curvature (arrowhead).
 The chest X-ray of 52-year-old woman showed gastric air under the right side of diaphragm (arrows), and hepatic shadow in the left side abnormally.
 Sagittal T2-weighted MRI of the spine reveals a hyperintense lesion (arrow) at the T1-T3 levels of the spinal cord.
 Color Doppler of the right ventricular outflow tract and branch pulmonary arteries (PAs) in parasternal short axis. Note the retrograde flow originating from the distal branch PAs
 A 15 mm long high density band dividing the left atrium into true chamber and accessory chamber, with a 4-mm orifice connecting two chambers
 Coronal magnetic resonance imaging scan of the right wrist at five months after the injury. The image shows a non-united, displaced, and isolated fracture of the body of the triquetrum.
 Retrograde urethrocystogram showing the urinary bladder diverticulum herniated in to the femoral canal.
 Cervical computed tomography-scan shows necrotic tumor of both palatine tonsils.
 Right mastoiditis (CT scan-coronal projection). The patient underwent cortical mastoidectomy.
 Left heart catheterization pre-percutaneous intervention.
 Figure 3a: CT scan shows lymph node swelling at the splenic hilum.
 CT findings. Contrast-enhanced CT of the abdomen (lung window) demonstrating pneumatosis cystoides intestinalis involving the small bowel loops.
 An incorrect method for axial image cutting. There are skipped areas between the intended cuts. Sequestrated discs behind the vertebral bodies or defect in pars interarticularis (spondylolysis) may be easily missed.
 Mastercone X-ray
 X-ray on admission showing hilar congestion
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography images showing a tumor in the pancreatic head measuring 3.0 × 2.5 cm in diameter and invading the common bile duct (indicated by a blue arrow). Lymphadenopathy was observed posterior to the pancreatic head (red arrow).
 Initial chest X-ray at the Regional, showing nodular infiltrates.
 Fluoroscopic image during transbiliary biopsy demonstrating location of the core biopsy needle (white arrow) which was directed by IVUS reference. Note a safety wire within the proximal bowel (white arrowhead). IVUS, intravascular ultrasound.
  Thoracoscopy findings. Thoracoscopy shows subpleural hemorrhages at the left T3 and 4 ribs, and penetration of the pleura between the left 4th and 5th ribs.
 The left internal jugular catheter (Black arrows) lied along the left paramediastinal border unusually and the chest tube (White arrows) inserted in the left pleural cavity are shown on this radiograph.
 Standard chest radiography performed on the day of discharge from the hospital. Approximately one month after corticosteroid therapy, a dramatic improvement of pneumonic inflammation was observed with amelioration of bilateral infiltrates. Absence of pleural effusions.
 Most recent AP hip radiograph at the one year post revision clinic visit shows good implant position and a well healed intertrochanteric hip fracture.
 CT-scan of left psoas collection.
 CT scan was done pre-operatively to measure the width of the scapular neck for the selection of screws of appropriate length.
 Pseudomyxoma peritonei. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows the typical excessive scalloping of the liver and spleen from intraperitoneal mucin.
 A single digitally subtracted spot fluoroscopic image centered over the inferior mediastinum was obtained intraoperatively and submitted for interpretation. A central venous catheter is seen coursing along the expected location of the left innominate vein and SVC, its distal tip at the level of the inferior SVC. Contrast injection through the catheter tip reveals extravascular contrast trapped within the soft tissues of the mediastinum (black arrow).
 Ultrasonography image of neck mass showing well defined hypoechoic oval lesion suspecting benign lesion
 Barium swallow showing dilated lower oesophagus (no achalasia cardia).
 Horizontal transfoveal OCT scans obtained with averaging (3–10 scans) from the right eye of a 7-year-old girl with JNCL (top, Patient 1) and from the right eye of another 7-year-old girl with the same disease (middle, Patient 2). A comparable image from a healthy 7-year-old girl (below) is the product of the averaging of 30 scans. The number of scans in the two patients was limited by poor fixation. Both patients show unremarkable retinal nerve fiber layers, whereas the structures of the outer layers of the retina are severely disrupted. Assuming that the main loss of substance has occurred in the photoreceptor and retinal pigment epithelium layers, what is left of the retina may be interpreted as an isoreflective unit of the ganglion cell layer and the inner plexiform layer, which appear to be of normal combined thickness, followed by severely attenuated but distinct inner nuclear and outer plexiform layers. A thin outer nuclear layer is visible in Patient 2, but not in Patient 1, and farther out the remaining layers of the retina are reduced to a thin irregular hyperreflective layer. In Patient 1, epiretinal fibrosis is seen in the temporal macula.
 Postoperative computed tomography scan head showing complete repair of gi ant occipital meningocele with right ventricular catheter in situ
 Pin bridging the wrist in a radial club hand with a screw in the olecranon
 MRI T1f study after paramagnetic contrast showing a large mass occupying the entire right breast with extensive central necrosis.
 CT scan showing right upper lobe mass
 Cervical–thoracic spinal MRI in an NMO patient, after administration of gadolinium, a strongly enhancing region (red arrows) can be seen.
 An axial pelvic and abdominal image from a contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) scan obtained on admission showing marked thickening of the appendix and the colonic wall, especially prominent in the terminal ileum and ascending colon.
 Computerized tomography pulmonary angiography showing filling defect in segmental branch supplying lateral basal segment of left lower lobe along with consolidation of corresponding lung segment suggestive of pulmonary embolism
 Coronary angiography 6 days after stent implantation shows the stent fracture (arrow)
 Upper gastrointestinal radiograph of a patient who developed intestinal radiation fibrosis. The black arrow indicates segmental narrowing of the jejunal loop below the anastomosis site.
 Perfusion weighted imaging (PWI study). Presence of low cerebral blood volume (rCBV), indicating hypoperfusion within and around the lesion.
 IOPAR after obturation.
 Image showing radio-opaque glue in the pseudoaneurysm (arrow) with micro-catheter in situ (arrowhead). Note local perianeurysmal glue leak
 Preoperative panoramic radiograph showing impacted 11 and supernumerary tooth
 Anterio-posterior pelvic radiograph of Case 2 following the fall (a).
 Coronal Post-Contrast MRI SequencesSequential tumor regression over eight cycles of TMZ treatment. Note the prominent reduction in tumor volume and gadolinium enhancement.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing multiple nodules in the liver
 OD measurement on panoramic radiograph A: White ring-shapes are demarcated regions of mandible, centering mental foramen, dia. 1 cm. B: Eight points in each ring are random measured locations, with a mean value for final outcome.
 Lateral X-ray of the sp ine at follow-up: Cobb angle of 46° (Th7-L2-L5) left-convex , 30° pelvic tilt to the left.
 Sagittal CT scan of the thoracic spine showing an oblique fracture traversing the T8 inferior endplate, T8-T9 interspace, and posterior aspect of the T9 vertebral body (arrow).
 Liver ultrasonogram one year later: stable appearance of the mass.
 Axial CT section showing extension of the lesion
 Axial brain computed tomography shows a left subdural hematoma.
 Preoperative T2WI MRI Brain demonstrating Chiari 1 malformation with subtle upper cervical cord signal change. The patient had severe and refractory right sided trigeminal neuralgia as the sole presenting symptom
 Regions of interest: Red – parenchyma, green – interlobular artery, blue – renal pyramid.
 Occlusal plane established and angle between long axis of tooth and occlusal plane measured showing a distal (A) and mesial (B) inclinations of the root.
 Postradiotherapy (4 months) regression of growth in computed tomography scan thorax
 Protocol for measuring pentastome hooks.Photograph of right posterior hook of Raillietiella frenatus demonstrating standard procedure for measuring barb length (AB) and overall length (BC), and a new procedure for measuring bluntness of hooks.
 A computed tomography slice of the CIRS upper thorax phantom used in the end to end measurements. The numbers correspond to the measurement positions in the phantom
 Brain magnetic resonance imaging without contrast shows an abnormal bright signal in the periventricular white matter in both cerebral hemispheres, in favor of microvascular ischemic changes (black arrows). Also, acute infarction can be seen in the right insula, external capsule, putamen, and caudate nucleuses (arrow).
 Preprocedural catheterization in the lateral view shows the entrance of a 6-F pigtail into the pseudoaneurysm of the aorta (PSA) (arrow).
 Plain abdominal X-ray demonstrating the presence of the diamond in the cecal area.
 68-year-old man with a dural arteriovenous fistula of the superior sagittal sinus, six months after treatment. Left vertebral lateral angiogram shows slow filling of the muscular vertebral artery but no filling of the fistula.
 MRCP revealed a simple cyst of the pancreatic tail like CT images (arrow). No pancreatic tumor could be detected around the stenosis of MPD. The distal MPD was not clearly visualized (arrow)
 Transverse view of CT of abdomen.
 Axial and coronal contrast-enhancing T1WI in May 2009 with tumor measuring 15 × 18.7 × 11.5 mm
 Antegrade nephrostogram showing recanalization of the ureteral lumen (patient in supine position).
 Air in the Gastric Wall and Portal Venous Gas With Disruption of Gastric Mucosa
 Large abdominal mass.
 Digital subtraction angiography (DSA) images. The DSA images show the fusiform aneurysm of the left superior cerebellar artery. There was sufficient collateral circulation from the ipsilateral AICA and PICA. AICA = anterior inferior cerebellar artery; PICA = posterior inferior cerebellar artery.
 Cystogram showed severe dilation of the bladder and ureter bilateral reflux and rectal fistula
 Abdominal CT scan-arrow showing thrombosed right ovarian vein.
 Central venous catheter is inserted through a right subclavian approach. Misplacement can be seen in the brachiocephalic vein.
 L1–L5 Left paraspinal myositis due to disseminated P. multocida infection.Contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging of the lumbar spine shows enhancement of the left paraspinal muscles extending from L1–L5 (see arrow).
 CT Scan wrist showing lytic lesion in Capitate
 Laryngeal CT revealed anterior displacement of the left arytenoid cartilage (arrow head), obliteration of cricoarytenoid joint space, and the arc-shaped left vocal cord (arrow).
 Ultrasound of the left breast (2nd evaluation): cyst measuring 44 mm with irregular and hypoechogenic vegetation of 6 × 27 mm.
 T2W axial section with fat suppression showing the optic chiasm (white long arrows). The optic nerve (double arrows) with CSF in the optic nerve sheath (arrow head) giving a bright signal on T2 similar to the vitreous
 Axial view shows some mild hematoma and perinephric fat stranding in the retroperitoneum medial to the left kidney (arrows).
 Guide wire, for screw reaming, is inserted just bellow midline in AP, close to the articular surface.
 Lateral fluoroscopic view. Black arrow shows tunneled cuffed catheter in posterior mediastinum. White arrow shows dye entering Azygos vein
 The six-month follow-up computed tomography scan shows total elimination of the left subcapsular hematoma and a significant reduction of the retroperitoneal hematoma on the right.
 Pulmonary embolism in transit. This short axis tranthoracic echocardiogram image shows an embolism (*asterix) passing through the tricuspid valve into the right ventricle.
 TDM de contrôle montrant une réponse complète
 Computerized tomography showing the extension of tumor thrombus (TT) from inferior venacava (IVC) into right atrium (RA)
 MRCP image shows mild dilation of the common bile duct and linear hypointense signal changes in the distal common bile duct (arrow).
 Depiction of a perimetric selection used to calculate the volume of a left lower lobe pulmonary nodule.
 CT control scan of VB (coronal)
 MRI showing findings suggestive of hypoglycemia.
 Pre operative pic 1 showing splenic lymphoma.
 Rm scan T1weighted sagittal image showing the adrenal mass
 Patient’s chest radiograph at age 2 shows narrow chest, hypoplastic scapula, hypoplastic pelvis and slender bones.
 A T2 sagittal magnetic resonance imaging of the cervical spine showing basilar invagination (arrow).
 Successful stenting of the right coronary artery.
 B-mode frame obtained from an apical four-chamber view of the heart, with solved contour shown around the IVS. The four chambers: right ventricle (RV), right atrium (RA), left ventricle (LV), and left atrium (LA) are shown.
 Axial CT scan at the level of the atlas demonstrating severe narrowing of the spinal canal and ossified transverse atlantal ligament.
 Arteriogram during second treatment showing good access in the ophthalmic artery but no choroidal blush.
 MRI subtraction showing absence of contrast fluid in the ablated site (arrow) in patient 2, 3 months after the RFA procedure
 Cystography 4 weeks after initiating treatment.
 Magnetic resonance angiography showing patent posterior circulation
 Coupe transverse en T1 avec gadolinium montrant l'extension de la thrombose au golf des veines jugulaires
 Manual contour tracing.
 Second trimester fetal RMN (sagittal T2 weighted image), showing the posterior cranial fossa with the complete vermis. Persistent Blake pouch cyst was diagnosed.
 Panoramic reconstruction from CBCT.
 Chest CT: diffuse bilateral geographic mosaic attenuation and bilateral centrilobular/peribronchial pulmonary nodules.
 Selective left renal artery angiography after coil deployment and detachment. There is a compact appearance of the coils and complete filling of the aneurysm with downstream vascular-tree preservation.
 The computed tomogram of the left atrium showing multiple calcifications in the area of atrial free wall and mitral valve (arrows).
 Chest radiograph showing the puncture of the right internal jugular vein.
 CT of the abdomen with contrast (2 years after right adrenalectomy) demonstrates a new 1.1-cm nodule with nonspecific characteristics in the left adrenal gland consistent with benign adenoma (arrow).
 Coronary angiography after predilation and implantation of four drug eluting stents in the right coronary artery showed acceptable result.
 High-resolution computed tomographic image of Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia in a 45-year-old male patient with AIDS, showing diffuse GGO with inhomogeneous distribution unrelated to secondary lobules and with spared peripheral lung parenchyma.
 MRI shows crescent-shaped fibrotic tissue in theposterior region of the left bulbus oculi, which was considered calcification without evidence of a mass.
 Brain computed tomography (CT) showed the encephalomalacia in the left frontal lobe due to previous intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) and clipping at the anterior communicating artery.
 True axial CT images of pre- (A) and 24 months post-operation (B) showed the method of recording intra-canal rib head position: Line “bo” is the bisecting line of the vertebral body; line “a” is the perpendicular line of “bo”; line “L"(red line)is the distance between the tip of intra-canal rib head and the bisecting line of vertebral body. The comparison of A and B demonstrated definite intra-canal rib head dislocation before the surgery and significant extraction after the surgery, which was maintained for 24 months after the surgery.
 T2-weited imaging of a schwannoma showing typically high signal intensity in the tumor
 La radiographie de face à 3 mois de la réduction
 Fetal sonograms of the male patient (32 and 2/7 weeks) showed dilated bowel loop.
 CT myelogram axial view at C6. No nerve root or rootlets are visualized on the injured side (right side of the image, circled); meningocele is shown (arrow).
 Plain X-ray pelvis showing multilobulated, well-demarcated, densely calcified masses (as indicated by arrows) confined to the soft tissue on the extensor surface of the hip joint and adjoining areas (both gluteal regions)
 AP, supine chest X-ray shows, next to a tracheal tube and a jugular catheter on the right, evident cardiac enlargement. The right lung base shows an air bronchogram with increased attenuation of the right lung base consistent with consolidation. Diffuse bronchial interstitial oedema due to congestion is present
 Transverse section of computerized tomography orbits showing bilateral proptosis (left > right)
 Example for a field segment with low monitor units (18 MU) located at the edge of the PTV.The segment is so small that the tumour may move completely outside in the respiratory phase (at the most cranial position). Due to the short irradiation time, this segment might hence miss the tumour. If this effect becomes significant for a number of fields, the dose distribution shown in Movie 2 is no longer valid, since it is based on the assumption that all respiratory phases will experience the same beam/segment configuration. More realistically, the low-MU segments will only be experienced by some respiratory phases. If the “wrong” phases are associated with the segments, the dose associated with these segments will not contribute to the PTV dose, but still increase the dose to organs at risk.
 In the case 1, multiple bone metastases were suspected by a positron emission tomography-computed tomography in the pelvic bone (SUVmax = 2.94).
 Pre-treatment cephalogram (case 1)
 Chest Radiograph shows a round shaped homogenous opacity at left main hilum (arrow) and a curvilinear shadow at inferior pole of right hilum (arrow head)
 Axial view of computed tomography venography demonstrating a retroaortic (white arrow) left renal vein (LRV; gray arrow).
 Burkitt lymphoma. Axial contrast-enhanced abdominal CT demonstrates multiple hypodense lesions involving the kidneys.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram showing a large highly mobile vegetation attached on mitral valve.
 Ultrasound image of splenic subcapsular fluid.
 Malposition of central venous catheter. Central venous catheter (9 Fr.) and central venous oximetry catheter (PreSep™) located in the right subclavian vein inserted via right jugular vein.
 Postoperative 7th day chest radiograph of a rabbit of BTX-A group.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing a mass containing a vertebral axis
 Cryo-TEM image of a M. ferrooxydans cell showing two polyphosphate bodies.Identification of polyphosphate bodies is based on electron density, electron dose tolerance, and shape as previously characterized by [58], who correlated these features to P electron spectroscopic imaging. Small dots on lacey carbon are 10 nm gold particles added to the sample.
 Transvaginal ultrasound showing endometrial foci on rectovaginal septum.
 Contrast magnetic resonance imaging of brain showing multiple discrete ring enhancing lesions with peri-lesional edema and central fluid signal intensities suggestive of scolices
 No normal branch of the tracheobronchial tree to the right posterior basal segment was present
 Magnetic resonance imaging flair image showing bilateral cerebellar infarct
  Image query of an experimental case of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
 An emergent computarized tomography confirmed that the needle was located in the lower lobe of the left lung.
 MRI cervical spine showing hyperintensity at the level of C6–C7.
 Positron emission tomography scan showing an uptake with a standardized uptake value of 7.4 at the mass location
 A longitudinal diagnostic ultrasound image of the shoulder revealed evidence of significant fibrous/periosteal reaction around the whole shoulder joint, including the infraspinatus insertion area (green arrow).
 : Immediate post operative radiograph of the shoulder following operative reduction and ligament reconstruction.
 Gasless abdomen is seen on abdominal X-ray.
 Axial MDCTA image through the infratemporal fossa of a 59-year-old man who fell on to a garden bamboo stick (thin blue arrow) which penetrated the left buccal region of the facial soft tissues, lodging and breaking-off in the retropharyngeal region of the nasopharynx and causing dissection occlusion of the right internal carotid artery (note the normal contralateral left internal carotid artery [blue arrowhead]). The geometric margin of the air-containing abnormality highlights the radiologic features consistent with an embedded foreign body fragment of organic material (wood). The patient subsequently developed a near-total thromboembolic right middle cerebral artery territory infarct (imaging not shown)
 Anteroposterior radiograph of dislocated mobile bearing (white arrow).
 Bilateral enlargement of the accessory parotid glands (short arrows) and main parotid glands (long arrows) are observed on CT film
 CT shows massively enlarged left kidney. The renal parenchyma is replaced by multiple low attenuating areas associated with thinning of the renal cortex. Multiple non-obstructing renal stones are also seen. Focal hyperdense soft tissue mass is identified at the lower pole of the left kidney with central foci of calcification resembling focal thickening of the renal cortex.
 In a patient with right upper lobe hemorrhage, arteriography of right intercostal bronchial trunk demonstrates dilatation of right bronchial artery with hypervascularity in all, more prominent upper lobe.
 Chest CT-scan after initiation of anti-TB medication
 The cephalometric radiography with bariumsulfate-coated anterior acrylic teeth
 Cardiac catheterization which demonstrated blockage of the left anterior descending artery.
 Fluoroscopy verifying position of bristle under tip of blunt probe.
 Single contrast upper gastrointestinal series shows on a single view plain radiograph the contrast abruptly cutting off approximately at the mid abdomen (arrow).
 Post-operative upper gastrointestinal series shows good passage through the anastomosis.
 Anechoic ganglion situated in the sinus tarsi fat between the talus and calcaneus.
 Coupe scannographique non injectée: processus tissulaire lobaire inférieur droit avec suspicion d’envahissement des cavités cardiaques
 Axial omnipaque contrast CT scan of the lesion
 Miliary TB. HRCT at the level of the upper lobes exhibits a “miliary nodular pattern” characterised by random micronodules diffusely and symmetrically distributed within the lungs having approximately the same size
 Un aspect d'imagerie par résonnance magnétique en faveur d'un utérus bicorne bicervical avec hématocolpos sur hémivagin borgne
 X-ray profile of her right arm showing subcutaneous emphysema (arrows)
 5×5 cm mass in the right atrium.
 Computed tomography scan showing right pleural effusion.
 Parasternal long axis view showing vegetation on noncoronary cusp
 Intravenous urography series film at 30 min showing an intrauterine contraceptive device in the left ureter line with no excretion of contrast in the left ureter, very much suggestive of obstructed the left renal unit
 Shuntogram through the T-tube (a), showing the upward dislocation of the outlet tube from the bladder (b) and the effusion of the contrast medium in the preperitoneal space (c), which is drained by 1 of the 2 subcutaneous Jackson-Pratt drains (d).
 Barium follow-through (BFT) finding. BFT showing conglomerated distal ileal loops with a cauliflower-like appearance.
 A Follow up gastrografin swallowing study showing an esophageal stent in the distal half of the esophagus.
 Two-dimensional (2D) echocardiography with substernal coronal view showing the relationship of the aorta and inferior vena cava (IVC) suggestive of left isomerism
 Intense nodular leptomeningeal enhancement from the lower thoracic cord and extending along the conus medullaris/filum terminalis and nerve roots.
 Third year follow up CT head with contrast demonstrating no recurrence of the cystic mass at the surgical bed or anywhere else in brain.
 Sagittal view of the skull on CT scan revealing a diffuse heterogeneous appearance of the marrow with scattered lytic lesions.
 Chest radiograph done three days prior to hospitalization showing nonhomogeneous opacity in right lower zone with ill-defined margins, suggestive of a parenchymal consolidation process, and left-sided pleural effusion
 Axial T2 cervical spine MRI at the skull base demonstrating crowding of the foramen magnum and inferior descent of the cerebellar tonsils
 CT Abdomen showing a rectal endoluminal fecalith mimicking a mass lesion (white arrow).
 The anterior cruciate ligament – a posterior view
 MRI showing cystic lesion on the left side in the sublingual region extending into the submental region, submandibular region, and the left parapharyngeal region up to the pharynx
 X-ray pelvis with both hips of the same patient, 6 months after the Muller cemented total hip arthroplasty of right hip. The patient sustained intra-operative periprosthetic fracture which was treated with encirclage
 T1 axial images with contrastMRI of the thoracic spine at T1 with contrast axial images revealed an approximately 2.9 x 3.8 x 3.7 cm extradural midline mass centered in the posterior elements of T5. The mass was extending into the spinal canal with severe thoracic cord compression. There was increased signal within the spinal cord.
 Chest X-ray of the patient showing scoliosis and cardiomegaly
 Postsurgical X-ray examination.PEEK spacers (radiolucent) were implanted and fixed with screws in the C3/4 and C5/6 intervertebral spaces.
 Contrast-enhanced pelvic computed tomography scan demonstrates a voluminous mass in projection to the pancreas tail and the left adrenal gland.
 Focal adenomyosis: Sagittal T2-weighed image; focal asymmetric thickening of the junctional zone forming an ill-defined area of low signal intensity (black arrow)
 48-year-old male with complex acromioclavicular separation. At 6 weeks, the CC joint remains reduced with the TightRope in place. The clavicle fractures are healing.
 Breast MRI with contrast, axial view.In the right breast, there is a large lobulated heterogeneously enchancing mass with multiple areas of non-enchancement consistent with extensive necrosis. On axial image, the mass measures 15 cm × 9 cm × 13 cm. In the left breast, there is no suspicious mass. No suspicious adenopathy is seen in the axillae bilaterally.
 Postoperative CT scan, one year after operation, revealing unremarkable, tumor-free state.
 Right subclavian steal syndrome (SSS) visualized from left vertebral angiography
 CT on admission. The white arrows show the hypodensities seen medial in the thalamus bilaterally.
 Slipped capital femoral epiphysis (SCFE).
 3D 1H MRSI spectral grid superimposed on a T2-weighted (without fat-sat) image of the prostate in 2004. A small incidental neurofibroma is noted
 Three years and half postoperative contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan showing no tumor recurrence
 Abdominal radiograph demonstrates gastrostomy tube and jejunostomy tube in the left upper quadrant of the abdomen. Multiple small round lucencies are seen in the wall of loops of small bowel in the midabdomen (arrows).
 Caudocranial radiograph of the left stifle performed 14 days post-operatively revealing joint collapse and fracture of the medial aspect of the distal medial femoral condyle.
 Pyo-pneumothorax gauche associé à un infiltrat excavé controlatéral
 Left cervical aortic arch (CAA) in 27-year-old-woman presenting with pulsatile mass in left neck. Coronal maximum intensity projection image shows apex of left CAA is above level of clavicle. AAo = ascending aorta
 Chest X-ray revealed a pleural effusion.
 Coronal T2 weighted MRI showing a thoracolumbar dumbbell-shaped RMS causing compression of the spinal cord.
 Follow-up MRI, 15 months after the pituitary tumour resection. T1-weighted image after contrast administration, coronal plane: there is still the suprasellar residual tumour (arrow), the implanted fat had disappeared.
 LAA occluder which narrowed the LIPV ostium
 Long-axis echocardiography view showing the 1. Aortic annulus (Z-score: -1.05), 2. Aortic sinuses (Z-score: 0.53), and 3. Dilated sinotubular junction (Z-score: 5.36) (Normal diameters based on body surface area: Aortic Annulus: 0.47–0.65, Sinuses: 0.66–0.95, Sinotubular junction: 0.50–0.77)
 X-ray showing complete homogenous opacification of left hemi thorax with relative preservation of apex and lower zone with silhouetting of the left cardiac border and mediastinum with mediastinal shift. Arrow showing calcified lesions in left hemithorax
 A MR imaging of Chiari malformation type-I. *Tonsillar herniation.
 Rotator cuff arthropathy secondary to rotator cuff disease, demonstrating acetabulisation, with a concave deformity of the acromion, and narrowing of the acromiohumeral distance to less than 6mm (Hamada’s grade 3 [[9]]).
 Preoperative computed tomography, axial view, showing left-sided temporal intracerebral hemorrhage, right subdural hematoma
 IVC-left renal vein-LPV circulation. Computed tomography angiography shows the dilated left renal vein communicating with the LPV. Tortuous blood vessels in the cardiophrenic angle can also be observed (curved arrow). IVC, inferior vena cava; LPV, left inferior phrenic vein.
 Chest radiograph revealing opacity in the right lung with lytic lesions over right clavicle and erosion of the right fifth rib.
 Brain MRI: Postcontrast T1-weighted coronal image showing left-sided glomus jugulare tumor with extension to the posterior cranial fossa.
 After 6 cycles of chemoimmunotherapy with FOLFIRI and cetuximab.
 X-ray showing the round, radiolucent foreign body (arrow) in the nasopharynx abutting against the soft palate.
 On coronal T1W image, widespread hyperintense punctate lesions in the brainstem and observable upper spinal cord in addition to the brain parenchyma
 Oblique-axis view of subclavian vein and artery. SV subclavian vein, SA subclavian artery, PM pectoralis major, pm pectoralis minor
 Chest CT. It shows bilateral patchy ground-glass opacities and subpleural nodules.
 AML in a 27-year-old male; T1 contrast image through L5: Enhancing paravertebral soft tissue along with altered signal lesion involving the right pedicle; transverse process of L5 extending into spinal canal
 Patient Pelvic CT with mass.
 Rx orthopanoramic image after implant positioning.
 Bankart lesion.
 Axial T1 image with contrast showing lesion with avid enhancement
 Transthoracic echocardiogram reveals an echogenic non-mobile mass in the right atrium. LA: left atrium, LV: left ventricle, RA: right atrium, RV: right ventricle.
 X-ray chest and abdomen showing opacification in the left hypochondrium.
 Non-contrast CT of the chest of a 65-year-old female with sarcoidosis shows multiple areas of focal calcification suggesting calcified lymph nodes (arrows) in the para-aortic and paratracheal regions of the mediastinum. The left ward deviation of the mediastinum is the result of fibrotic changes in the left lung, which can be best appreciated on the lung window. Soft tissue density seen posterior to the left side of the trachea (oval arrow) is oesophagus, which, when collapsed, can be difficult to identify.
 Measurement of the femoral tunnel on the coronal CT reconstruction, performed according to Hoser et al. (2005). The tunnel is measured in comparison to the line perpendicular to the most distal points of the femoral condyles. The measurement is compared to the line from the intracondylar roof to the distal femoral condyles.
 MRI with labeled structures from atlas registered to the CBCT.
 3D constructive view of CT-head
 Postoperative X-Ray With Hemiprosthesis
 Coronal image of an arcuate uterus.A reconstructed coronal image of the uterus in a 34-year-old woman obtained during three-dimensional sonohysterography shows the arcuate configuration of the fundal part of the endometrial cavity.
 Magnetic resonance imaging saggital view showing subscapularis tear
 Transesophageal echocardiographic view of the aortic root showing how to measure the aortic root diameter at the annulus (label A), sinus of Valsalva (label B), and sino-tubular junction (label C), aortic valve thickness (white arrow head), and mitral valve thickness (white arrow).
 Angiography showing obstruction to flow at neck of humerus.
 Contrast-enhanced axial CT of the chest in a 5-year-old boy demonstrates an effusion (black arrows) associated with an air-space process. The patchy low-density areas with less enhancement in the consolidated lung are in keeping with necrotising pneumonia (white arrows) and the patient required prolonged antibiotic treatment
 Computerized tomography abdomen showing presence of gas in the renal parenchyma and collecting system of both kidneys (hollow white arrows) along with bilateral nephromegaly. In addition, extension of gas into perinephric and paranephric tissue is seen bilaterally (solid white arrow) (left >> right)
 Post-procedure (next day) and 12 month barium radiograph
 Patient with 26 weeks of gestation presented with APH and abdominal pain. USG revealed central placenta previa, but did not explain the abdominal pain. Axial SSh T2W MRI image shows small collection (straight white arrow) dissecting between the myometrium (bent arrow) and the placenta (star). Hypointense dependent layering is seen within the collection suggestive of placental abruption and marginal subchorionic hematoma
 Angiographic view of the patent saphenous venous graft to obtuse marginal branch.
 A -Type II dental pulp classification, B -Type I A dental pulp classification. C -Type II B dental pulp classification
 Enhanced CT scan. The cyst exhibited extrapancreatic growth with dilatation of the main pancreatic duct. The low-density area indicated by the arrows is the main pancreatic duct. There was neither a mass lesion nor a low-density area suggestive of pancreatic cancer.
 Right parasagittal CT bone window scan. This right-sided parasagittal bone window CT image more clearly demonstrates the ventral OPLL mass arising from the posterior aspect of the vertebral body within the posterior longitudinal ligament (PLL) (arrow). Note that posterior to this, the hypodensity likely reflects hypertrophied, yet non-calcified, PLL, and residual dura
 Angiogram (lateral projection) showing the postoperative result.
 Axial contrast‐enhanced CT images demonstrated thickening of the bowel wall with submucosal edema and all layers of the bowel delineated. (Yellow arrows).
 Axial T1-weighted MRI scan of a patient with a confirmed diagnosis of neuroblastoma that measured 13.05 cm at its greatest diameter and did not cause anterior displacement of the abdominal aorta.
 Coronal abdominal CT image showing a little small-bowel pneumatosis, pneuperitoneum (black arrows), and hepatic portal venous gas (white arrow)
 Severe calcification of the radial and ulnar artery in an 81-year-old patient with patent radial and ulnar pulse, precluding carotid or coronary intervention using radial access.
 CT scan of the abdomen with intravenous and oral contrast demonstrating a mass in the right lower quadrant adjacent to the cecum.
 Panoramic Radiograph of the Patient Showing Maladaptive Fixation Device (mini-plate) in the Right Mandibular Inferior Border
 Orthopantomograph
 X-ray out of plaster at six weeks post-op following trans-articular hip arthrodesis via trochanteric flip osteotomy with open surgical dislocation of the hip.
 Lateral radiograph shows marked destruction of C5 body responsible for cervical kyphosis
 A gestational sac implanted in the previous cesarean scar with empty uterus cavity and cervical canal, and no myometrium was visible between the bladder and the sac.
 Bronchial transection. A 22-year-old man involved in a car accident. Volume-rendered image of the tracheobronchial tree showing complete transection of the right intermediate bronchus (two-way arrow). (Courtesy of Dr Montserrat Bret, University Hospital La Paz, Madrid)
 Maxillary occlusal radiograph (The arrow marks show the position of the supernumerary teeth)
 Periapical radiograph revealing inverted mesiodens apical to 11
 Digital Subtraction Angiography Showing a Tight Stenosis of the Distal Right Common Carotid Artery
 T1-weighted MRI of the chest revealing fatty marrow replacement of the right sixth rib.
 Axial post-contrast CT scan shows left lobe mass, inferior vena cava filling defect and left portal vein thrombus..
 Axial noncontrast head CT shows periventricular hypodensity (arrow) by the right posterior lateral ventricle horn secondary to transependymal flow.
 Two-dimentional ultrasound image of the pseudoaneurysm. The pseudoaneurysm is visible in the anterior wall of the lower part of the uterus. The wall varied in thickness and the luminal surface of the wall is uneven.
 Fibrotic, avascular synovial membrane of the knee joint.
 Lateral radiograph showing C3 and C4 screw loosening and heterotopic ossification formed 5 months after the operation
 X-ray after implantation of reverse shoulder arthroplasty with refixation of greater tuberosity (a.-p.-view).
 Calcifications discales chez le cas 2 à hauteur de C3 sur une coupe TDM
 Cardiac MRI cine-balanced fast field echo four-chamber view, showing hypointense tissue surrounding the right coronary artery and extending into the right atrio-ventricular groove.
 CT scan through the abdomen showing free air
 Follow-up computed tomography 3 months later showing that the hematoma was resolving
 The intrasplenic vascular tree is significantly pruned (black arrows).
 Postepidural blood patch administration axial CT image with extravasated contrast in the surrounding paraspinous soft tissues (arrow).
 Radiograph on wrist showing the immediate postoperative result in lateral view, with correction of the dorsal deviation of the distal radius.
 Transesophageal echocardiography showing an enlarged right atrium and a right ventricle with intact interatrial septum and interventricular septum
 A combined angiographic and phase contrast X-ray image of a near term (30 days) rabbit kitten that was delivered by caesarean section and received unilateral ventilation of the right lung. Blood flow, as shown by the contrast agent in the pulmonary vessels, increases similarly in both the aerated right lung and the unaerated left lung
 Recent ultrasonography of transplant kidney
 Upper gastrointestinal series shows 2.4 cm segmental narrowing on the second portion of the duodenum.
 Axial FLAIR image shows regression of swelling with residual hyperintense signal in the affected cerebellar hemisphere
 Landmarks used in the study.
 CT of the abdomen and pelvis, showing an extensive left peri-ureteric mass.
 40-year-old female with dural arteriovenous fistula. TOF-MRA axial view again demonstrates the arterial supply and the venous drainage via the Galenic system and eventually into the right transverse sinus.
 Fundus photograph shows inferiorly located snow ball opacities in a patient with pars planitis.
 Left horizontal incompletely impacted third molar without lamina dura below the crown in a 53-year-old woman.
 Fusion of C3, C4, and C5 vertebrae.
 Reconstructed computed tomography with contrast demonstrating a pseudoaneurysm at the junction of the right subclavian and common carotid arteries (arrow).
 Preoperative abdominal CT of the donor revealed a liver cyst of 20 × 26 mm in diameter at segment 8, which showed no specific signs of infection.
 Computed tomography image showing relative sparing of the infratentorial compartment.
 Radiograph taken before operation demonstrates displaced bilateral femoral neck stress fractures.
 Rostro-caudal skull radiograph of Case 20. Arrow indicates thickening of right tympanic bulla wall suggestive of otitis media. Arrowhead indicates normal left tympanic bulla.
 Abdominal ultrasonography shows an enlarged liver with multiple hypoechoic lesions and multiple mesenteric enlarged lymph nodes. Portal vein (PO), mesenteric lymph nodes (N), aorta (AO), inferior vena cava (CAVA), and vertebral column (C VERT).
 Coronal opposed - phase T1WI shows lack of signal drop from most of the mass except for minutes scattered foci indicating the presence of a minimal amount of microscopic fat
 Review of a 3D sweep showing an apparent four‐chamber view of the single heart.
 Axial view of patient with caecal carcinoma. Eccentric caecal wall thickening with homogenous contrast enhancement (arrow). Mild pericolic fat stranding is present.
 Échographie par voie sus-pubienne montrant une masse tissulaire hétérogène, polylobée, à développement endovésical
 Transverse ultrasound image shows an irregular hypoechoic mass in a woman with breast implant, which was malignant
 Interposition of colonic loop between diaphragm and liver: Chilaiditi sign
 MRI Flair—ischemic lesion at the cerebral trunk evolving the right median portion.
 Radiograph of skull showing sclerosis and thickening of orbital rims.
 Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with gadolinium contrast: evidence of delayed hyper enhancement (arrow) in both the basal and inferolateral left ventricular regions
 Transverse section of computed tomography thorax showing nodular opacities and cysts in both lungs at the time of presentation
 Sagittal computed tomography scan with contrast through the left orbit showing superior abscess and proptosis
 Fluoroscopic image acquired at the beginning of deglutition in a child with chronic encephalopathy of childhood.
 A fistulous tract between the stomach and the hilum of spleen was shown, with the presence of air in the spleen and a large splenic abscess
 Image d'uréthrocystographie rétrograde et mictionnelle en phase mictionnel montrant un petit diverticule de 6 mm de diamètre
 Radiograph at 32 months depicting union
 DSA illustrating fusiform left subclavian pseudoaneurysm.
 Missed fracture of the odontoid process and vertebral body of C2 (arrows) in a patient with a history of fall one month before. Note the associated degenerative changes of the lower cervical spine (arrowheads).
 Polyp with atypical density. Axial image shows a lesion with focal central low density suggesting that it might be stool, but the lesion did not move when prone and supine views were compared. The use of intravenous contrast agent is an alternative way to help detect polyps. The decision to administer contrast, must be made at the time of examination.
 Intraoperative X-ray showing the suture anchor and the missing metal platelet
 Calcifications consistent with chronic pancreatitis.Pancreatic fistula is shown by the arrows.
 Aspergillosis. ABPA chest X-ray (CXR), manifesting as bilateral consolidation, mostly lower lobe, bronchiectasis and airway impaction or “finger in glove.” The consolidation in the CXR shown is much more diffuse
 Example of advanced grid structure made of CFRP (a) and its application to an aerospace structure (b).
 Patient aged 15 years; at 6 months, decision for surgery.
 T1 image of large left pheochromocytoma
 When measuring sliding distance, corrections were made using the ratio of screw length (L1) measured on the radiograph to actual screw length (L). The distance from the tip of the screw to the implant as measured on the radiograph was recorded as L2. The corrected distance from the tip of the screw to the implant was calculated using the following equation: L2 × (L / L1). The difference between corrected distance at final observation and corrected distance immediately after surgery was calculated as the sliding distance. The distance from the tip of the screw to the barrel was measured.
 Medial-lateral oblique mammographic view of the right breast. The corresponding mammographic density is marked by a radiopaque BB in the mid-portion of the lower pole of the breast.
 Plain chest radiograph on admission demonstrating widespread consolidation in keeping with a bilateral pneumonic process
 Stable treatment outcome after 6 years of grafting
 Head CT scan (October 4, 2011).
 Abdominal X ray shows two clips indicating the position of the endoscopic approach level.
 Initial radiographic appearance of teeth in case 1 at presentation.
 TRUS – prostatic abscess.
 Abdominal contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan performed at the onset of persistent epigastric pain. (a) Edema and a hematoma are present in the lesser omentum, and accumulation of fluid is present in the abdominal cavity. (b) Three-dimensional image reconstruction shows the presence of stringing aneurysms located on a branch of the left hepatic artery.
 Orthopantomogram showing prominent antigonial notch, short ramus
 A patient with a history of Type-IV Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome developed severe abdominal pain secondary to vomiting, and an abdominal CT-scan to work-up the patient’s symptoms revealed a large retroperitoneal hemorrhage. Green arrows identify the extent of the hemorrhage from the retroperitoneum into the mesentery on an axial slice of the abdomen by CT-scan.
 Appearance of DualMesh at reoperation 20 months after implantation. A neoperitoneum and extensive vascularization are present across the surface of a large piece of mesh (18 cm × 24 cm).
 X-Ray of the chest showing meningoceles as a mass lesion
 Computed Tomography scan, 15 months later, shows a concentric ossification of the bone lesion.
 Celiac trunk and superior mesenteric artery, typical variant, MIP reconstruction.
 CT scan, contrast-enhanced. ADPKD.
 CT on third postoperative day showing venostatic jejunum with thickened intestinal wall.
 Periapical radiograph showing a maxillary left lateral incisor with double dens invaginatus.
 One gold bead is dropped into a needle using forceps and a funnel.
 Computed tomography head 2 months after episode of bleed reveals right ACA territory infarct
 Axial computed tomographic image showing hyperdense area occupying frontal sinus
 Right vertebral artery.
 Radiographie de la hanche de face à 18 mois de recul sans signes d'ostéonécrose ni d'arthrose, la trochantérotomie étant consolidée
 CEUS images in a 35-year-old female (Case 6) with HCA showed a central non-enhancing area indicating possible hemorrhage in the arterial phase
 Scanner abdominal montrant une gangrène pariétale infiltrant les tissus sous-cutanées
 Measurement method of the plateau-patella angle.
 X-ray of abdomen 2 years prior showing outline of plastic soda bottle in sigmoid colon (arrows).
 Case 4 preoperative orthopantomogram
  Angiographic image of the aneurysm. There is no “blush,” no active hemorrhage, seen on the image.
 Axial, T2-weighted MRI of the same patient. No communicating ducts are visible (image courtesy of Dr. Marie Pierre Vullierme, Hôpital Beaujon).
 Localisation of the gold acupuncture needle inserted into the Shen mai point on the right ankle. A small image attenuation defect can be observed at the site where the needle was inserted (arrow). The tip of the needle was located close to the tendons of the peroneal muscles at the fibular malleolus. It should be noted, that the fibulo-maleolar ligament has not been reached. MRI acquisition data: TR = 500, TE = 11, flip = 150, TH = 2, TF = 3, FOV = 170, MA = 384.
 Case 3: Alveo-interstitial infiltrate in right lower filed with multiple bullae spread throughout right lung field.
 Abdominal CT shows focal decreased nephrogram in left kidney lower pole anterior aspect, which indicated early renal infarcion or renal ischemia.
 CT scan shows free peri-renal fluid, in the Morrison space and, as well as dilation of the common bile duct (CBD).
 Postcontrast CT images at the level of crossing of left brachiocephalic vein and arch of aorta showing regression of tumor mass (January, 2011).
 August 2008. Contrast-enhanced abdominal computed tomography shows a tumor in the head/uncinate process of the pancreas
 PCNSL: isolated lesion in the left brain hemisphere (homogeneous contrast enhancement on CT-scan).
 High resolution computed tomography (HRCT) showed minimal emphysematous areas over both apices and non-specific sequalae.
 Chest X-ray showing an endotracheal tube, an orogastric tube, a left-sided subclavian central venous catheter, a left-sided chest tube, and multiple superficial leads. There is additional shadow (arrow heads) that could not be accounted for.
 Example of measurements in AIS.
 Post-TIPS chest radiograph shows restoration of a normal cardiac silhouette, resolution of pericardial and pleural effusions, and resolved cardiogenic pulmonary edema
 Illustrates a thyroid nodule with central increased blood flow.
 A CT Scanogram showing bilateral chest drains the right drain is inappropriately placed in a right basal bulla.
  Ultrasound at 32 weeks’ gestation showing a thick placenta and tortuous tubular structures on the surface of the placenta. No cystic lesions were observed in the parenchyma of the placenta.
 T2-weighted axial view of the knee displaying the lesion with a bright signal under the patellar tendon.
 The longitudinal section in the ultrasonographic scan of the left parotid gland demonstrates a hypoechoic ovoid well-defined image suggesting a cyst
 Contrôle post opératoire immédiat
 Measurement technique of obtaining carotid intima-media thickness in a longitudinal B-mode ultrasound (calipers)
 Circle shows properly positioned stent demonstrating typical hourglass appearance of stent.
 Coronal computed tomography depicting (a) crossing renal ectopic tissue and (b) severe occlusive aortic bifurcation disease.
 SPECT/CT immediately after administration of Tc-99m MAA showing no uptake by the IVC tumor thrombus (white dot)
 A displaced lateral clavicle fracture
 Longitudinal view of the sacral hiatus by ultrasound, two points refer to the diameter of the sacral canal at the apex.
 CT scan of case 2 showing again extensive inflammation of the entire colon (pancolitis), with oedema and thickening of the large intestine wall.
 Ascites in the peritoneal cavity with the two umbilical arteries encircling the urinary bladder.
 A CT Scan of the abdomen revealed a fluid collection (A) encasing the renal graft (B).
 CT - infiltration of the musculature of the anterior abdominal wall
 Axial CT-scan shows a retroperitoneal mass (60 × 60 × 80 mm), solid, placed in left paravertebral region, level L3–L4, on the left side of aorta, ilio-psoas muscle adherent.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan showing the junction of the second and third portion of the duodenum (arrow) without evidence of mass lesion.
 T1-weighted right parasagittal image shows the lesion having typical T1 shortening with bright signal specific of lipomas (white arrow). Multiple linear flow voids are also seen within the lesion (black arrow).
 Scanography showed genu valgum and small bilateral femoral canal.
 Ultrasound image of coronal view of multicystic mass
 Barium swallow showing indentations on the esophagial lumen caused by anterior osteophyte formations and ossificated anterior longitudinal ligament more prominent at C3–4 and C4–5 levels.
 Nonenhancing hypodense mass in the anterolateral cortex of right kidney and absence of left kidney from previous nephrectomy.
 Tomography of the chest (axial view). Tumors in both lungs
 : Radiological control at 10 months - follow up of a right midclavicular fracture treated by reconstruction plate.
 Barium meal examination of stomach and intestine showing presence of loops of intestine within the left hemithorax.
 Panoramic radiograph (2 years later) shows a slight increase in the lesion size in the anterior part of the mandible compared with the initial radiographs.
 X-ray shows a lytic lesion with a soap bubble appearance in the acromion of the right scapula, with destruction of the periosteum and a prominent overlying soft tissue shadow
 Orthopantomograph showing location of mass in the right buccal mucosa.
 Chest CT showed moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusion and thickening with pulmonary nodules. There is mild interstitial fibrosis. There are multiple bilateral intrapulmonary nodules seen. Some of the nodules are pleural-based. A few nodules do have a small amount of associated calcification.
 Computed tomography of the chest showing extensive calcification of ascending and descending aorta. This classically looks like a 'solar eclipse'.
 1.6 radiography realized before the treatment; incomplete root canal filling; via falsa in the floor of the pulp chamber incorrect filled; inflammation still present
 Closure of right costophrenic sinus without parenchymal infiltration in chest X-ray
 Sagittal section showing the distribution of tuberculomas in frontal and parietal white matter
 Local anesthetic spread in lateral supratrochanteric FNB. FN, femoral neck; IB, iliac bone.
 PET imaging.Representative PET image showing bilateral avid submandibular nodes (arrows).PET: Positron emission imaging
 Normally positioned naso-gastric tube
 Positioning of the Three Spinal Needles Overlying the Branches of the Superior Cluneal Nerves as They Pass Over the Right Iliac Crest
 Ultrasound scan showing a hard 2 x 3cm lesion in her left rectus.
 CT findings. A chest CT scan demonstrates the butterfly-like gastric wall silhouette (dotted line) in the left lower hemithorax. One part of the stomach is filled with fluid (yellow arrow) and the other part with air (blue arrow). The twisted point is observed also (white arrow).
 A 47-year-old man with a nodule (arrow) in the right lung.
 Southwick angle (femoral head-shaft angle – FHSA) through the CT sagittal plane.
 MRI of the pelvis (coronal slice).
 Sagittal FLAIR brain MRI showing (in red arrows) hypersignal lesions located in the left semi-oval center: A = anterior; P = posterior
 Preoperative kidney, ureter, and bladder X-ray of patient.
 An 18-year-old man motorcyclist had a head-on collision with a trailer. He had a type II anteroposterior compression open pelvic fracture with an associated extensive perineal injury and urethral tear, but focused abdominal sonography in trauma was negative. The patient underwent urgent perineal irrigation, debridement, cystostomy, and pelvic stabilization with external fixation device.
 Neutralizing mAbs targeting HIV Env. The diagram was adapted from Burton and Weiss (2010).
 Large pneumothorax 25 h later, post air travel.
 Paralytic ileus after thoracolumbar fusion operation within postoperative 2 days.
 MRI appearance 20 months after radiotherapy
 Detection of expression. A person blinded for oxygenation state and survival time highlighted the region of interest surrounding the lesion (yellow circle). The protein expression, above a specific threshold, was then used to quantify the expression. In this case, the expression of C5b-9 (white) is shown in a hypoxic animal, at 1 day following CCI.
 Post contrast T1 coronal image: There is moderate enhancement following contrast administration.
 Ultra sound showing a mass in the prostate's position.
 A 29-year-old woman with xanthogranulomatous pyelonephritis. The left renal parenchyma is replaced with a heterogeneous low density and infiltrating mass (arrow). There are associated perinephric stranding and coarse calcifications (arrowhead) in the upper pole as seen on CT with intravenous contrast.
 The presence of mega cisterna magna in the retrocerebellar region.
 Axial section of MRI showing a left lobe liver mass with central necrosis and contrast uptake.
 Perianal anatomic areas on three-dimensional (3D) transrectal ultrasonography.Intersphincteric, ischioanal, and supralevator spaces are defined by the muscular landmarks on the coronal view.
 The presence of double contour sign in gout.
 Transvaginal pelvic USG with color Doppler shows a complex cystic mass (thin arrow) with septae and solid components (thick arrow) and no definite intralesional vascularity
 67-year-old female presented with chest pain and was diagnosed with pulmonary thromboembolism. Contrast-enhanced CT scan of chest shows abrupt tapering of a pulmonary artery (white arrow) secondary to embolus and thus producing the radiologic sign, knuckle sign.
 Magnetic resonance imaging examination sagittal plane cut showing absence of uterus and ovaries
 Type II retroperitoneal hydatid cyst in a 25-year-old woman. The axial contrast-enhanced CT scan through the pelvis demonstrates a hydatid cyst with daughter cysts (arrow) adjacent to the right psoas muscle.
 Two weeks after rapid maxillary canine distraction
 Chest X-ray showing the detached catheter from the port.
 T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging scan showing ring enhancing of the capsule-thalamic lesion after gadolinium injection in a Moroccan patient with hemichorea-hemiballismus as an initial manifestation of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and toxoplasma infection
 Postoperative chest X-ray (day 2).
 Contrast media is also depicted in the nasopharynx secondary to abnormal communication between perilymphatic fluid and the tympanic cavity (black arrow)
 The width of nasal bone aperture was measured at the widest points in coronal view is shown.
 CT enterography showing dilated stomach.
 Postobturation IOPA radiograph.
 A huge aneurysm in right common iliac artery in a 4-year-old girl. Aneurysm excision and primary repair was done successfully.
 Case 5. Periapical radiograph.
 Axial MRI T2 FLAIR image of the nasal lesion with relatively homogeneous, low intensity signal.
 Preoperative contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CT) scan in a 74-year-old woman showing a 7.3 × 7.0 × 7.5 cm mass in retroperitoneal inferior vena cava near the portal triad (arrow), which was due to a malignant fibrous retroperitoneal sarcoma.
 No adrenal mass was observed on computed tomography of the abdomen.
 Magnetic resonance image of the pelvis on admission showing a large ABC of the left ilium
 Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scan—showing a mass in the sacrococcygeal area, L4/L5 sacral anomaly with spina bifida, subcutaneous fat, few bony structures, muscle elements and a bowel segment overlying the sacrum.
 Anterior preperitoneal collection.
 Post bilateral ICA stenting.
 Fused [18F]FDG PET-CT images in a patient with renal cancer showing two areas of uptake of tracer in the right and left lobes of the thyroid; subsequent investigation showed these to be nodules in a multi-nodular goitre.
 Radiography of right foot revealing a well healing fifth metatarsal fracture with callus formation (arrow), 4 weeks after initiation of teriparatide.
 Fused, metastatic T1 hyperintense Level II lymph nodes. The minimal diameter of the largest node is 16 mm. Contrary to CT or US, MRI can identify increased T1 signal intensity indicating thyroglobulin
 Axial CT scan of the abdomen, performed on 5 March 2007. Cysts in upper pole of right kidney are shown, the largest measuring 7 cm. In contrast to Figure 1, there was a marked loss of fat plane between the mid-pole of the right kidney and the postero-lateral abdominal wall.
 CT chest: Cyst is smaller in size.
 Results of fluorescein angiography of the left eye of a patient, aged 61, diagnosed with systemic sclerosis 7 years ago. In the recirculation phase a diffuse, poorly circumscribed and intensive hyperfluorescence of the whole posterior pole was ob - served, that was consistent with diffuse macular oedema (a). In the projection of extravasations hypofluorescence foci (b), and within temporal arcades post-laser therapy foci (c) may be noted
 Radiographs of the hip joint after total hip arthroplasty.
 Magnetic resonance imaging brain showing incomplete ring on diffusion weighted image
 Uro-NMR: retrovesical 12 × 14 cm mass cranial to the prostate and seminal vesicles and without communication with the bladder.
 Computed tomography chest with contrast showing centrilobular ground glass opacifications contained within the right lower lobe
 CT scan of the maxillofacial region in coronal view showing a destructive lesion of the left hard palate growing into the maxillary sinus.
 Computerised topography scan of the abdomen highlighting extensive peritoneal disease.
 Sagittal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the head
 Axial T2-weighted spin-echo imaging demonstrate the left temporal lobe herniation through a wide defect in the left inferiolateral wall of sphenoid sinus surrounded by a cerebrospinal fluid filled meningeal sac.
 Axial CT of the lower abdomen demonstrates a well-defined tumor mass of 8.5 × 14 cm containing adipose and soft tissue elements consistent with a renal angiomyolipoma (small white arrows)
 Planned treatment cells to cover the volume of the osteoid osteoma. A total of seven 4mm treatment cells, arranged in a circular cluster, covered the extent of the 1cm lesion.
 Eight-year-old girl with Lenke type 3CN scoliosis (Patient no 7) Preoperative anteroposterior radiograph shows 50.4° thoracic curve and 60.6° lumbar curve.
 Aortic root angiogram in left anterior oblique view showing an occluded ductus and the ampula
 Non-PM eRMS in a 7-year-old boy at the left side of the nose (open arrow). Axial SE T2-W image shows the small, superficial lesion with no deep extension. Fluid level (white arrow) represents haemorrhage after biopsy
 Panoromic radiograph showing well defined multilocular radiolucent lesion in left posterior mandible and maxilla
 Virtual Reality reconstruction of twins A and B.
 Under such ablations at critical points, imaging from different levels is important to safely prevent injury to the coronary arteries. (LAD left anterior descending)
 Axial T2-weighted MRI showing the grossly dilated right heart and the sinus venosus atrial septal defect (*). RA- right atrium, RV-right ventricle, LA-left atrium, LV–left ventricle. Right sided pleural effusion (+).
 KUB showing a surgical clip within the radio-opaque density in the pelvis (arrow).
 Contrast-enhanced CT shows a solid and cystic mass with a calcification (arrowed) located in the tail of the pancreas.
 Well-defined radiolucency extending from tooth #36 to the left ascending ramus, with impaction of tooth #38 in a 19-year-old-man. The lesion was diagnosed as an ameloblastoma by histopathologic examination
 Double bubble at 15 weeks.
 Aortic dissection extending into the left subclavian and axillary arteries and to the level of bifurcation of the common iliac artery (thick arrows).
 Thinning of the caesarean scar.
 Abdominal CT showing complete resolution of the biloma after management.
 Soluble contrast swallowing image. The contrast image shows leakage of contrast dye (black arrow), dilatation of the Roux limb (arrowhead), and afferent loop dilatation (white arrow).
 MRI shows intradural meningioma in the right side of foramen magnum, with 2.3×1.3 cm in size
 Example of the “angle of adherence” measurement. CCA - common carotid artery; IJV – internal jugular vein
 Postoperative MRI demonstrating placement of electrodes in the STN bilaterally for treatment of idiopathic advanced PD.
 Severe vasospasm of both M1 segments of the middle cerebral artery.
 Pre op OPT showing radio opaque projection in the sigmoid notch (Red arrow) and TM Joint space (Yellow arrow).
 Coronal TSE STIR sequence over both ankles reveals the presence of patchy meta-epiphyseal highly hyperintense nodules also in the distal tibia.
 Coronal CT demonstrating the lymphednopathy along the ileocolic vascular aracade.
 CT scan showing nail in the carina extending into the left main bronchus
 Ultrasound imaging of our case's aneurysm of vein of Galen.
 Right lower lobe mass conforms to malignant features with mediastinal and right hilar lymph node metastasis.
 CT chest showing multifocal pneumonia and cavitary lesion.
 Extensive cerebral haemorrhage
 Computed tomography of the chest with bilateral pleural effusion and multiple nodular lesions, one of which is excavated.
 The radiograph shows a 3-year postoperative AP of a cemented allograft prosthesis composite for an osteosarcoma.Note: The black arrow indicates the allograft host–bone nonunion because of the cement in the junction.Abbreviation: AP, anterior-posterior X-ray.
 Post-treatment cephalogram (case 2)
 A 46 year old male volunteer with knee pain. Sagittal images of knee joint show superficial cartilage fissure (long arrow) within medial femoral condyle. Note that superficial cartilage lesion is more conspicuous on SPGR image. This is classically termed as ‘crab meat’ appearance. Additionally, small amount of marrow edema (short arrow) is also appreciable. According to Modified Outerbridge classification, crab meat appearance is categorized as grade 3 chondral lesions
 Figure 1:Ultrasound showing filling defect in the lower CBD (polyp).
 Measurements of the RIC yielded pulp and root widths
 Enhanced magnetic resolution imaging (MRI) of the pelvis showed bladder tumor with high enhancement (red arrows).
 OPG - showing no resorption of bone in 32 and 33 region
 Cervical magnetic resonance imaging at 10 days after admission, showing the cystic image and the resolution of the infection.
  T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging showing a strong enhanced mass in the right occipital lobe.
 Chest radiograph shows resolution of focal consolidation of the right lower lobe.
 Widefield fluorescein angiography in a patient with proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Note the numerous areas of leakage by the disc and along the arcades corresponding to neovascularization of the disc and elsewhere, respectively. There are extensive areas of nonperfusion in the periphery, and multiple laser scars from panretinal photocoagulation have been targeted to these nonperfused areas
 Patient with diagnosis of bilateral cleft lip and palate operated on using the unilateral uvuloplasty. Measurements: velar length (VL), 45 mm; pharyngeal depth (PD), 44 mm; velopharyngeal distance (VPD), 42 mm.
 Computed tomography with intravenous contrast showing hemoperitoneum, a fractured spleen with large hematoma and extravasation of contrast medium into the abdominal cavity.
 Abdominal CT finding. CT shows a large enterocutaneous fistula in the middle portion of the abdomen (arrowheads).
 Topographic occlusal view of maxilla (left) showing widening of PDL space with 27
 Ultrasound abdomen reveals a large, well encapsulated, heterogeneous left suprarenal mass
 Fluoroscopic picture (RAO view, 30) showing ablation of posteroseptal AP.Note: The ablation catheter is close to CS 9, 10.Abbreviations: ABL catheter, Ablation catheter; RV catheter, Right ventricle catheter; CS catheter, coronary sinus catheter; His catheter.
 A CXR shows that an intravenous line placed via the right internal jugular vein as entered the azygos venous system.
  Liver abscess: aspect on admission to hospital. Transverse abdominal CT image of the liver revealing a hypodense area in the left lobe of the liver, measuring 85 mm in width, representing a solid liver abscess.
 CT coronal reformation of a patient with symptoms of chronic bronchitis. Small bronchial diverticula (arrow) seen as outpouchings of the bronchial lumen visible along the left main bronchus.
 Axial view of CT chest revealing cervical and facial subcutaneous emphysema.
 Post-fixation radiograph showing malalignment
 Transabdominal colour Doppler image at 19 weeks of the placenta in front of the cervix of the same patient as When colour is applied to the region of interest, no flow is identified, this is a fold of amniotic membranes.
 Digital X-ray pelvis AP view showing reduced right hip joint space with displaced fat planes suggestive of effusion.
 About 15 cm sized huge cystic mass in lower abdomen with ascites (computed tomography).
 Postoperative X-rays (AP).
 CT scan showing location of an ectopic tooth in the posterior wall of right maxillary antrum.
 Wallerian degeneration of the right pyramidal tract. The irradiated AVM was situated in the right centrum semiovale. The degenerated pyramidal tract is depicted by the white arrow (TSE T2 coronal scan)
 Three-dimensional reconstruction of pelvic computed tomographic illustrates the midline fusion defects of the L5 vertebral body and the sacrum.
 Displacement. This is a 68-year-old female with a pulmonary nodule in the right lower lobe. She received right lower lobe lobectomy, and pathology revealed adenocarcinoma. Coronal reformatted CT image reveals the nodule pushing the peripheral right pulmonary artery away from its normal vascular course with a smooth indentation on the pulmonary artery (white arrow).
 USG of the fetus in the sagittal plane at the level of neck shows an anechoic pouch (white arrow)
 Plain abdominal X-ray. Image depicting the sigmoid volvulus indicating the typical coffee bean sign.
 Bronchial arterial angiography shows the absence of bleeding event.
 CT scan taken at the onset of symptoms failing to show any abnormalities.
 Example for hippocampal subfield delineation.Shown are subfields CA1, CA2/3, CA4/DG, subiculum and presubiculum. The program FreeSurfer automatically assessed volumes of subfields which were then manually viewed and checked for quality.
  Preoperative T2-weighted sagittal magnetic resonance imaging clearly demonstrating a large disk-osteophyte complex at the C5–C6 level.
 The chest X-ray shows a mass-like lesion in the left hilar zone.
 Chest X-ray. Right upper lung bronchopneumonia (arrow).
 Computed tomography of the thorax showing the anterior superior mediastinal node measuring 1.7×1.3cm.
  Transesophageal echocardiography illustrating paravalvular mitral regurgitation. Arrow indicates paravalvular leakage.
 Chest CT scan 3 months later showing large left hilar mass of about 7.5 cm with mediastinal lymphadenopathy.Note: Other CT sections showed thickening of the interlobular septa in the aerated portion of the left lung suggestive of lymphangitic spread of tumor.
 CT showing presence of coating along the MCA territory.
 Coronal images reformatted T1 space post gadolinium.
 Longitudinal sonogram shows a hyperechoic 5 cm long broken glass foreign body (long arrow) with posterior comet tail (satellites) in forearm of 21 years old man.
 Chest radiograph shows small sized left lung and slight increase of interstitial markings on left. Right to left mediastinal shift and hypertrophic right lung is also seen
 CT scan of chest showing diffuse lung nodules bilaterally, left sided effusion, and mediastinal adenopathy.
 Lesion with wide zone of transition.
 Subcostal 4 chamber view shows small fenestrations in the atrial septum
 On 3-12-07, showing a single intrauterine gestational sac of 8.4 mm corresponding to 5 weeks 4 days, with no yolk sac or fetal pole seen
 Initial panoramic radiograph of a sinus augmentation procedure, representative of the treatment protocol followed in the study
 EUS image of rectal wall and presacral space. Arrow indicates muscularis propria of the rectum. Tumor is outside this layer of the bowel wall.
 Ultrasound image of the liver, gall bladder and common bile duct (4.3 mm). Sonographically, a diagnosis of extrahepatic biliary duct obstruction can be made in cats when the bile duct diameter exceeds 5 mm2
 Gastroduodenal barium study. Double-contrast barium study shows a SMT-like nodule, with an irregularly shaped depression on its surface, on the anterior wall of the lower part of the gastric body.
 CT scan showing fat stranding anterior to Cecum and ascending colon in RIF
 Plain computed tomography scan showing calcified mass lesion
 Contrast CT showing well defined non enhancing hypodense area in spleen. Associated free fluid in abdomen suggesting splenic injury and hemoperitoneum.
 Axial view abdominal computed tomography scan showing thickened bowel wall (white arrow) and segmental dilatation with stasis of intraluminal content.
 Axial fast imaging employing steady-state acquisition image, shows a small cystic lesion (white arrow) along the course of the bed of the gallbladder, in proximity to the bile duct (dashed arrow).
 Computed Tomography of abdomen without contrast showing marked thickening of the wall of the stomach.
 2-year-old male with thoraco-abdominal enteric duplication cyst. AP radiograph of chest demonstrates mass effect in left hemithorax, displacing the mediastinum to the right, and cervico-thoracic vertebral and rib anomalies on the left side.
 Tomodensitométrie hépato-biliaire: cholécystite alithiasique avec épaississement de la paroi vésiculaire
 Abdominal ultrasound picture 3 days after injection of C.
 Positive right upper quadrant (RUQ) FAST view showing superior paracolic gutter around caudal liver edge (RUQ3), the most sensitive region for detecting free fluid (FF).
 GIST with metastasis. Coronal contrast-enhanced CT scan in a 39-year-old male operated for gastric GIST shows metastasis (arrow) in the left lobe of the liver
 Contrast-enhanced CT of the chest, with coronal (A) and sagittal (B) reconstructions, showing a mass with a heterogeneous texture and discrete heterogeneous contrast enhancement, measuring 10.8 × 8.4 × 14.8 cm, in the mid-posterior mediastinum. The mass presents an intimate relationship with the great mediastinal vessels, right main bronchus, vertebral bodies, right atrium, diaphragm, and esophagus, albeit without direct signs of invasion of any of those structures.
 The CT coronal view of the mandibular lesion.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan of the abdomen of patient B, a renal transplant recipient infected with Babesia microti parasites, Wisconsin, USA, 2008. Taken on November 5, the scan shows a splenic infarction (white arrow) that had not been visualized on a CT scan on October 5. Although the cause of the splenic infarction was not determined, the infarction might have been a complication of babesiosis, as reported for other patients (16,17).
 Coronal CTA image showing an occluded right external iliac/femoral artery (long arrow) when compared with the left side (short arrow). The left ventricular thrombus is visible (thick arrow)
 Control radiograph of tooth 11 24 months after replantation.
 Cervical spine magnetic resonance imaging in a 30-year-old woman with neck pain. T2-weighted sequence on the sagittal plane showing lingual ectopic thyroid (indicated by arrow).
 Female patient with osteogenesis imperfecta type 4. Radiographic image of the thoracolumbar spine showing multiple vertebral fractures.
 Image in T2 which revealed an intratesticular lesion of 8 mm and a small satellite nodule of 5 mm, hypointense in comparison with the testicular parenchyma. Both were situated in the superior pole of the left testicle.
 Right humerus shaft was fractured at postoperative 2nd day. Arrows indicate fracture line.
 Transverse fracture at the junction of proximal and middle thirds, and Paget's disease involving the entire femur.
 Sketch diagram of decompression of cyst
 Noncontrast CT coronal image. There is a 6 cm mixed solid and cystic lesion arising from the native left lower renal pole (white arrow) with an adjacent medial 1.8 cm soft tissue nodule (black arrow).
 Intraoperative photo demonstrating a functional ventriculoperitoneal shunt catheter with cerebrospinal fluid exiting the catheter, requiring no revision.
 Left ventriculogram during systole displaying the characteristic apical ballooning with apical akinesis.
 Transabdominal ultrasound. Retroperitoneal hematoma with urine retention
 Normal x-ray findings of the left lower extremity in the posterior anterior view.
 An example of subsolid nodule with abnormal cystic-like airspace according to the SSN subclassification. A 55-year-old man had a 1.1 cm part-solid nodule in RLL. The axial CT image showed an abnormally dilated cystic-like airspace inside the lesion. The patient underwent video-thoracoscopic wedge resection of RLL. Further pathologic report demonstrated invasive pulmonary adenocarcinoma in RLL, Stage 1. Abbreviations: SSN = subsolid nodule; RLL = right lower lobe.
 T1-weighted sagittal MRI thoracic spine showing sharply defined margins of the schwannoma, which arises separately from the neural tissue.
 Standing AP radiograph of the pelvis with internal (asterix) and external calibration marker (arrow) and performed measurements: central beam (C); marker diameter; distances of the markers from the central beam; position of the markers.
 Ultrasound evaluation with color Doppler, showing a mass protruding from the mouth with a branching pattern of the feeder vessels.
 Reduction of the tumoral mass at 7 months of cabergoline treatment
 The pulmonary veins drain into the morphologic left atrium located on the right side (atrial situs inversus).
 The medial osteotomy nasal bone thickness is shown.
 A huge pelvic mass with sharp borders (white arrows)
 Intramural gas in a 73-year-old man with worsening abdominal pain. Axial contrast-enhanced CT shows gas within the circumference of the bowel wall (arrowhead) which extends superior to a luminal gas-fluid level (arrow), indicating pneumatosis intestinalis
 The radiograph shows a 6-year postoperative AP of a cemented allograft prosthesis composite for a malignant fibrous histiocytoma before revision.Abbreviation: AP, anterior-posterior X-ray.
 Chest and abdomen X‐ray showing free air in the abdomen.
 Posteroanterior chest radiography: mild cardiac dilation and bilateral pulmonary effusion, predominantly in the right hemithorax.
 Postoperative lumbar radiograph notable for extension of fusion from L3 to S1 and successful retrieval of interbody cage. Used with permission from Barrow Neurological Institute, Phoenix, Arizona.
  An example of “marbling” with a high fat infiltration of erector spinae and the method used to measure the subcutaneous fat with the electronic caliper.
 Cardiomyopathy resulting in poor contrast opacification of the left atrium, left ventricle and aorta on a thoracic CTA being obtained to evaluate for pulmonary embolism on a 64 slice CT. CECT demonstrates excellent opacification of the right heart, but poor opacification in the left heart related to prolonged pulmonary circulation time in a patient with left ventricular systolic dysfunction. BNP was immediately obtained and was elevated at 23,000, echocardiogram obtained within the next 4 h demonstrated a left ventricle EF of 22 %
 A 16 F laser sheath (solid arrow) was manipulated carefully over the J retention wire and bent it forward, enabling the sheath to be advanced to the distal tip of the lead; with additional laser energy, the atrial lead was freed completely from the appendage. Also seen is the mechanical sheath (hollow arrow) within its outer sheath, pulling traction on the right ventricular lead.
 Ultrasound image of a stomach filled with fluid. W – liver, Ż – stomach
 Abdominal radiograph obtained at symptom onset, showing the deviation of the colon across the right diaphragm (white circle)
 Contrast-enhanced CT. Contrast-enhanced CT did not show extravasation of the contrast material within the mass (white arrow).
 Anteroposterior view of both hips and femurs at 24 months of age; on the left side the typical procurvatum deformity of the femur, and on the right side the recurvatum due to the breech presentation.
 Follow up chest X-ray
 Computerized tomography image before surgery (type III): multiple porous polyethylene meshes were applied to reconstruct the left orbit and recover the volume of the orbit.
 CT of the thorax in the axial plane at the level of the heart. Dilated, fluid-filled esophagus, posterior to the heart (arrow).
 Normal take-off of the left coronary artery (arrow).
 Chest x-ray during initial evaluation demonstrating airspace opacification (arrows) within the superior segment of the right lower lobe.
 and after bipolar long-stem hemiarthroplasty (b).
 Computed tomography of abdomen (horizontal view) showed extensive loculated ascites and multiple small bowel loops tethered to adhesions
 CT abdomen pelvis sagittal view revealing 1 of the anterior prongs of the IVC filter projecting through the vena cava wall into the adjacent third portion of the duodenum (white arrow).
 Axial CT image showing gross subcutaneous emphysema.
 A catheter (arrow) was inserted in the cystic lymphatic malformation (asterisk), through which a mixture of contrast medium and lidocaine was injected in order to induce intracystic anesthesia and ensure no fluid leak from the cyst.
 (Case 1) Preoperative axial MRI of cervical spine at C5/6
 Computer Tomography of Thorax, November 2006.
 Sagittal T2-weighted MRI showing T9–T10 right intervertebral foramen occupied by the tumor
 HRCT scan of the chest showing pronounced ground-glass changes in both lung fields, consistent with extrinsic allergic alveolitis.
 CT brain (axial view) with contrast showing ring enhancing focal lesion in parafalcine frontal cortex with perilesional oedema.
 Lateral radiograph of the thoracolumbar spine of patient 4 shows platyspondyly, anterior beaking, and posterior scalloping of the vertebral bodies, as well as thoracolumbar kyphotic deformity.
 Postoperative computed tomography. The operation was done successfully via the approach of sagittal split ramus osteotomy.
 Right parasternal long axis left ventricular outflow tract view of the heart with ventricular septal defect and overriding aorta. A high membranous ventricular septal defect (arrow) is visible at the subaortic region. Right atrium (RA), right ventricle (RV), left atrium (LA), left ventricle (LV), interventricular septum (IVS).
 MRI scan (post cabergoline withdrawal) shows a significant (40%) reduction in tumor size
 Épaississement pariétal de la région antrale avec développement d'une masse tissulaire intra luminale de 79x56mm de grand axe
 Contrast-Enhanced Computed Tomography Image Showing Normal Cortical Enhancement With Non-enhancing Perirenal and Peripelvic Collections
 Cholangiography of a whole liver transplant recipient. Note the stricture in the biliodigestive anastomosis, promoting intrahepatic bile duct dilatation.
 Chest PET-CT scan showing no sign of a primary lung lesion but multiple enlarged lymph nodes, a left-sided compression atelectasis, and ipsilateral pleural effusion.
 Abdominal enhanced computed tomography image showing an irregular ring-enhanced lesion in Segment 4 of the liver.
 Pre op CT scan −Axial View showing a bony mass medial to zygomatic arch (Black arrow).
 Computed tomography scan of the recurrent desmoid tumour (black arrow) wrapping around the left subclavian artery and causing erosion of the adjoining ribs in November 2012.
 CT showing near complete bone bridging.
 Intestinal segment extending into thoracic cavity.
 Method of measuring the sonographic urethral length in PFS-TV, sagittal axis(11). AB – sonographically measured urethral length, A – mid-point of the internal urethral orifice, B – mid-point of the most peripherally located portion of the hypoechoic urethral region, U – urethra, Bl – bladder, S – symphysis
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography picture showing a large heterodense lesion in the caudate lobe of liverMHV, middle hepatic vein
 Magnetic resonance without any abnormality.
 Radiographic determination of working length
 Following mechanical thrombectomy, there is excellent recanalization of the internal carotid (arrow) and left anterior and middle cerebral arteries.
 RMC (arrows) observed bilaterally located close to the mandibular third molar germs in a nine-year-old male patient in panoramic radiography.
 Plain radiograph of the pelvis and both femoral heads shows no evidence of fracture or pathologic lesions.
 CT scan showing multiple abscesses
 Left internal iliac arteriogram shows contrast medium extravasation (arrow) from a branch of the left uterine artery.
 Hepaticogastric stent on computed tomography (CT) scan
 Case 6, Chest HR-CT of 1 week after surgery revealing bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia.
 Computed tomography showing an intraosseous osteolytic lesion and soft tissue extension at the anterior part to the patella.
 Figure 2: Neonatal flat plate, large gas bubble in RUQ suggestive of partial duodenal obstruction
 Postoperative orthopentomogram after 2 months
 KUB showed a hypodense lesion over right upper quodrant of abdomen
 Paranasal sinus computed tomography scan. It shows clear chronic sinusitis.
 Panoramic radiograph showing signs of early periodontitis and sclerosis of the mandible and maxilla.
 Abdominal CT-scannogram of the same patient showing the numerous comma-shaped calcific densities all over the abdomen, especially over the hepatic region. Degenerative changes are also noted in the lumbar vertebrae
 Preoperative chest X-ray, showing cardiomegaly suspicious of true left ventricular aneurysm complicating myocardial infarction. Frontal view. Abnormal evagination of left cardiac border is typical for an aneurysm involving the anterolateral and/or apical segment of the left ventricle. The aneurysm bulges out and stretches to the thoracic wall. There is associated pulmonary congestion due to heart failure.
 Measurements are taken for the distance of tumour to the mesorectal fascia, the potential CRM of the tumour. A potentially positive margin is defined as tumour lying within 1 mm of the mesorectal fascia.
 Anteroposterior pelvis X-ray of the same patient, one month later. A left acetabular transverse fracture is evident, with mild medial displacement of the femoral head.
 EUS-guided fine needle aspiration of a subcarinal lymph node with a needle inside the lymph node
 CT thorax of the patient showing pneumothorax on the right side with lung contusion on the left side
 Angio et OCT de l'oeil gauche montrant la néovascularisation choroidienne
 Thoracic CT scan, perforation identified in association with an abscess on the right side of the neck reaching up to the superior mediastinum.
 Pericardial tamponade on CECT. Axial CTA shows moderate pericardial effusion and heterogeneous enhancement of descending aorta with blood contrast layering. This is indicative of poor stroke volume from tamponade
 Computed tomography scan of the chest showed extensive lung destruction with multiple large thick-walled pulmonary cavities and severe fibrosis of the residual left lung. Diffuse fibro-nodular opacities were present in the right lung.
 Computed tomography scan of the temporal bone for patient IV-8 (from family Iranian 3) with bilateral enlarged vestibular aqueduct.
 Axial section, T2-weighted magnetic resonance image reveals a large, well-defined mass in the region of the pterygo-maxillary fissure and spheno-palatine foramen on the right side with heterogenous intensity. Avid enhancement of the mass (red arrows) and tiny flow voids are noted within the lesion (yellow arrows) consistent with hypervascularity.
 Correlations between Neuropsychiatric Inventory scores and reduced gray matter volume in different areas of the brain. The results are displayed at an uncorrected lp<0.001 level and plotted onto the SPM5 canonical T1 image for the purpose of illustration.
 Radiographic measurements.(A) C2–7 Cobb angle. (B) T1 slope. (C) C2–7 SVA. SVA indicates sagittal vertical axis.
 Abdominopelvic computed tomography showing a left hepatic arterial pseudo-aneurysm with acute hematoma by rupture (arrow).
 Neurofibroma of the median nerve distally from the carpal transverse ligament
 Large layered hemothorax. Hyperdense clots (50 HU) in the dorsal part of the right pleural cavity (arrow). Mediastinal shift to the left side, compression of the right atrium
 Intravenous pyelogram showing the ectopic location of the left kidney at the level of L4, L5 and S1 vertebrae. Right kidney was normal in location. Bilateral ureters are also visualised. Contrast is also seen in the urinary bladder.
 Axial T2 SPAIR image showing lobular soft tissue mass (red arrow) in the right Erector Spinae muscle. (For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)
 X-ray abdomen showing generalized pancreatic calcification involving head, body and tail of the pancreas, more significantly to the right of the twelfth thoracic and first lumbar vertebrae.
 Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance image one week after treatment shows a multifocal acute infarction in the right cerebellum.
 Periapical radiograph at abutment connection.
 Computed tomography shows an avulsion fracture at the base of the distal phalanx involving more than half of the articular surface.
 Axial computed tomography showing a hepatic cyst infiltrating upon the common hepatic duct and causing hepatic duct dilation.
 Echocardiography: parasternal long axis showing diffuse left ventricular hypertrophy with increased septal thickness. Courtesy: Pr Albert A. HAGEGE, University René Descartes, Paris, France.
 Advanced atrophy and fatty degeneration of rotator cuff muscles in a three-tendon retear
 Left Anterior Descending (LAD) coronary artery caudal view during cardiac catheterization showing no significant coronary artery disease in LAD and Circumflex arteries.
 AP view of a completely loosed cup.
 Transversal section of tested laminated composite specimen.
 X-ray of the sacroiliac joint shows bilateral sacroiliitis (arrow) with decreased joint space and bony fusion.
 An example of infarct contouring for quantification. Late gadolinium enhanced short-axis slice through the left ventricle (LV). Green contour delineates epicardial LV border and red contour delineates endocardial LV border. Pink shaded area demarcates the area of late gadolinium hyperenhancement (i.e. signal intensity >2 SD of remote normal myocardium) which denotes myocardial infarct scar.
 An example of the contour of the PTVGTV-P. The aubergine shadow represented the PTVGTV-P1 and the blue line was PTVGTV-P2. The margin between tumor and critical normal was extended.
 MRI brain showing uniform enhancement on contrast in the lesion
 The same volume as shown in Figure 2 but processed using DynaCT.
 Atlanto-axial dissociation – potentially lethal injury.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showed spinal fracture-dislocation of T6 to T7.
 25-year old woman involved in a rollover motor vehicle collision. On admission to the hospital, a screening four-vessel angiogram revealed a pseudoaneurysm of the left vertebral artery at the level of the C1–C2 disc space. Follow-up angiography performed 7 days later revealed enlargement of the pseudoaneurysm and concomitant narrowing of the vertebral artery. Due to the tortuosity of the vertebral artery, stent placement was not deemed a viable option and the vertebral artery was embolized. Post-embolization anteroposterior digital subtraction angiogram, right vertebral artery. There is normal filling of the basilar artery, and reflux of contrast into the distal left vertebral artery which fills the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery (arrow). Images courtesy of Guido Scatorchia, MD.
 Pelvic radiograph showing a vesical stone with a foreign body at the centre (arrow).
 Working length Intraoral Periapical Radiograph
 Axial T1-weighted MRI post-contrast of a large anaplastic carcinoma with extensive extrathyroidal tumour extension.
 Mastectomy on the right side. Note the edematous changes of the left breast with concomitant skin thickening and pleural effusions because of heart failure.
 Mobile mass on tricuspid valve; right ventricular inflow view.
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan of brain in T2 sequence showed non-enhancing altered signal intensity in both thalamic and left medial temporal lobe suggestive of encephalitis
 Absolute lateral radiograph of the hip.
 Chest X-ray film taken on the first admission to our institution showing large left pneumothorax estimated at 35% and reticulonodular infiltrates involving both lung fields.
 An example of high fat (>50%) content of multifidus but not erector spinae.
 Hydrocolon ultrasound image taken after gentle administration of 500 ml saline enema. Circular lobulated infiltration of the ileum wall (arrows), with multiple cystiform-tubular anechoic, partially confluent areas (consistent with venous structures) causing a concentric stenosis. The enema fluid entering the stenotic section is well depicted (*).
 CAT scan showing a connection (white arrow) between the stomach and the pancreatic pseudocyst (black arrow)
 Noncontrast CT scan transverse image of the abdomen in a 46-year-old man with HHT and alcoholic cirrhosis hospitalized with abdominal pain and fever. This image reveals marked distention of the small intestine, air-fluid levels in the small intestine, absence of free air in the peritoneum, and multiple large varices adjacent to the right kidney (arrows).
 A contrast-enhanced computed tomography image demonstrating an irregularly shaped, 25.0-mm right atrial mass extending along the right atrial free wall (white arrow); minor left-sided pleural effusion; slight pleural thickening of the right side; and diffuse pericardial effusion.
 Follow-up radiograph after 9 months.
 Abdominal computed tomography showing para-aortic lymph node recurrence (white arrow)
 Hepatic vein wall morphology. Against contrast of anechoic blood within the hepatic vein, the wall appears wavy, concurring with the known diagnosis of cirrhosis. In the absence of ascites, surface nodularity may not be as conspicuous as in Fig. 5
 Measurement technique utilized to evaluate the cross-sectional area of the hamstring tendons.
 Slight atrophy of the cortex in the left temporal–parietal region.
 Defect angle was calculated by two lines — one representing the root surface (A1D1) and the other, the bone defect surface (B1D1)
 Computerized tomography of abdomen showing the typical spongiform and whorled appearance of gossypiboma.
 NHL. CT shows soft-tissue mass involving the ascending colon (arrows).
 Increased echogenic free fluid in the right iliac fossa (indicating pus) with adjacent thickening of the peritoneum in a 2-year-old girl with confirmed appendicitis
 Transabdominal image of a velamentous cord insertion on the anterior wall at 19 weeks gestation. The placenta is positioned posteriorly, therefore this patient is at high risk for vasa praevia.
 B-mode ultrasound of the right lobe of thyroid gland using the S2000, 9L4 probe at 9 MHz with the ROI placed within the healthy thyroid tissue measuring an ARFI velocity of 1.90 m/s.
 Coronal section of CT chest shows a serpiginous focus within the right upper lobe.
 Light microscopy of swarming motility of A. glycyphyllos symbionts: AG on 0.35 % swim YEM agar sowing a diffuse swim ring expending beyond the site of bacteria inoculation
 T1-weighted coronal magnetic resonance imaging shows a huge heterogenous intra-abdominal mass and anterolateral displacement of the left ureter.
 Spine MRI shows abnormal high signal density in the disc within the adjacent vertebral bodies at L3-L4 level (arrow). Bony destruction of vertebral bodies is seen in L3 and L4.
 Midesophageal four-chamber view showing homogenous, echodense, noncalcified, noncavitated mass (a) 2.4 cm × 1.8 cm and (b) 3.8 cm × 1.7 cm in the left ventricular cavity
 Two-dimensional ultrasonography. The “lemon sign”—the skull in a shape of a lemon due frontal scalloping bone caused by intracranial hypotension
 The result of the border extending method
 MRI of the face after sirolimus treatment for 10 months: The estimated residual volume is about 10 to 30 mL. Notably, there is resolution of untreated areas in the tongue and cheeks.
  Shadows are noted in the lower right region of the lungs on a chest X-ray.
 Fused PET/CT axial image gives morphological and physiological information, allowing proper planning of the FNAC site (arrow)
 Coronal T1-weighted MRI image demonstrating a tumor that occupies the largest part of the left testis.
 A representative case of TFB (arrow) detected by chest X-ray examination.Abbreviation: TFB, tracheobronchial foreign body.
 Chest X-ray posteroanterior view showing right mid-zone, lower zone consolidation with blunting of right costophrenic angle suggestive of pleural effusion
 Orthopantomograph showing gross destruction of right body and ramus of the mandible with flecks of bone within the lesion.
 Final intra-operative control
 Computed tomography revealed an enhancing solid mass (arrow) in the distal region of the right ureteral stump.
 Transesophageal echocardiography after corrected procedure. Circumflex artery (Cx) is opened. LA, Left atrium.
 Transabdominal ultrasonography showing marked pneumobilia. Pneumobilia means gas within the bile ducts (shown by arrows).
 Difficult 8.
 Rounded lesion involving the pleura. Chest ultrasonography showing a rounded lesion involving the pleura with rear-wall reinforcement and a localized alveolar-interstitial syndrome (arrow).
 PET-CT image showing accumulation of fluorodeoxyglucose (yellow arrow).PET-CT = positron emission tomography-computed tomography.
 Postendovascular repair angiography shows the absence of endoleakage.
 The thrombus in the SMV disappeared after 3 months.
 Late gadolinium enhancement imaging in the ventricular short-axis showing intense late hyperenhancement in the RVOT (white arrow) and weak hyperenhancement in the superior and inferior junctions between the interventricular septum and the free wall (yellow arrows). The former represents scar tissue and is associated with regional wall motion abnormalities. The latter is a commonly observed finding in patients with repaired TOF and its clinical importance is uncertain [42,85].
 Figure of 8.Coronal T1WI of MRI shows pituitary macroadenoma resembling figure of 8 (or snowman) (arrow) due to indentation at diaphragma sellae.
 Dilated lactiferous ducts with dense contents image
 AP pelvis radiograph showed the acetabulo-femoral pathological changes which resulted in progressive hip instability and dislocation
 Coronal T2-weighted short tau inversion recovery magnetic resonance imaging showing increased radiocapitelllar distance and ruptured lateral collateral ligament
 Postoperative chest radiograph showing malpositioned central venous catheter along with advanced venous access and pulmonary artery catheter
 Right testicle doppler ultrasound, transverse superior view, showing right-sided varicocele with mild dilatation (3 mm) of vessels of the pampiniform plexus. There was no corresponding dilatation of vessels of the left pampiniform plexus.
 MRI revealed multiple formations in the liver parenchyma (October 2010)
 Sinus computed tomography (CT), coronal view from an F-16 fighter pilot who was temporarily grounded for workup of recurrent acute episodes of maxillary facial pain and “whistling sounds” that originated from “areas between the eyes“ on rapid descent (squeeze) from a high altitude. Significant septal deviation narrowing the left greater than right nasal airway and maxillary sinus infundibulum is evident on CT imaging, as is compensatory right inferior turbinate hypertrophy. Treatment for this presentation of recurrent acute barosinusitis is noted in the accompanying text.
 Axial CT with oral and IV contrast shows an unenhanced hypodense mass with well-defined borders in the anterior part of the spleen. Multiple round daughter cysts are seen peripherally within the lesion.
 Hypertrabeculation in RV.
 3-month follow-up periapical radiograph suggesting the initial formation of a dentin bridge immediately below the Portland cement in the distal root (arrow) of the pulpotomized mandibular left second molar and absence of periapical lesion in both pulpotomized mandibular left primary molars
 Magnified oblique radiograph of the right foot in a 17-year-old male better delineates the abnormal articulation between the cuboid (arrow) and the navicular.
 MRI: Multiple liver tumors with cirrhosis, splenomegaly, and esophageal varices. The cholangitis of the liver and caudate lobe compensatory hypertrophy were found.
 T1-weighted MRI of the nasopharyngeal region revealed a 5-cm heterogeneously enhanced mass (arrow) located mainly in the right masticator space and middle cranial fossa, abutting the right cavernous sinus and with an intracranial extension to the right ipsilateral infratemporal fossa.
 M-mode of normal cardiac activity. When the cursor is placed over the left ventricular walls, cardiac contractions are plotted on the one-dimensional representation of motion
 AO image showing a retinal artery. In en face retinal imaging, the lumen of a blood vessel appears as a streak of variable diameter and morphology, depending on the vessel order; however, it always shows the same pattern, consisting of a central high-intensity channel and two peripheral darker channels (likely due to the curved vessel wall). The artery wall appears as a grey line outside the peripheral lumen vessel. The arrows define the inner and outer wall borders. Scale bar: 50 μm.
 Transverse ultrasound view of the fetal chest showing the cystic structure (white arrow) posterior to the heart (dashed arrow)
 CT after 3 month course of albendazole and praziquantel.
 Arteriovenous malformation: Coronal contrast-enhancedCT image showing arteriovenous malformation (arrow) in the left perinephric and pararenal space
 Transthoracic echocardiogram parasternal long-axis view demonstrating septal hypertrophy.
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan showing multifocal white matter lesions in both subcortical cerebral hemispheres and left cerebellar regions without any mass effect or surrounding edema.
 Case 15: Radicular Cyst
 Origin of STA from ECA. The right STA (short arrows) arises from the right ECA (arrow). This represents the most common pattern of origin of STA
 Preoperative radiography of a 48-year-old male patient.
 58-year-old female diagnosed with arteriovenous fistula of the right breast with adjacent invasive ductal carcinoma. Axial maximum intensity projections magnetic resonance image demonstrates an arterially enhancing mass (thick arrow) with prominent feeding and draining vessels (thin arrows).
 Postmortem CT in a girl age 6 years 11 months with an adhesion ileus. Coronal reconstruction shows the presence of collapsed small-bowel loops in the right upper abdomen (arrow). On autopsy an adhesion ileus was confirmed
 Electrode reconstructions carried out in atlas space (high-resolution deep-brain atlas). The electrodes are displayed with the subcortical structures from the atlas. STNs highlighted in green.
 Lateral soft tissue neck radiograph revealing a needle-shaped foreign body.
 Case 1: After femoral neck fracture during physical therapy.
 Transabdominal B‐mode image at 19 weeks gestation. At the inferior portion of the placenta, a hypoechoic region is seen. This can be mistaken as a vessel within the membranes; it is a placental lake.
 Sonogram demonstrating mildly thickened membranes attached at the level of the OS and OD.
 Chest X-ray clearly outlined the metallic density of the inner flange, lodged partly in the trachea and partly along the left main bronchus
 Digital periapical X-ray with reference lines and points for measuring left abutments alveolar bone height at 6 months follow-up
 Evolution after 2 courses of chemotherapy. Axial T2-weighted MR image redone objectives a huge heterogeneous orbito-cerebral mass, enhanced intensely after injection of contrast agent and associated to triventricular dilatation.
 Coronal view of T1 weighted MRI pituitary November 2015.
 Cranial T2 magnetic resonance image for AZ—this shows a midline defect in the cerebellar vermis, thickened horizontally orientated cerebellar peduncles, a small midbrain, and dysplasia of the cerebellar cortex. This demonstrates the characteristic “molar tooth sign” seen in Joubert Syndrome and JSRD.
 Posterior condylar position in a sample patient in the symptomatic group.
 Schatzker type V fracture, 4 months X-rays (LL)
  Chest X-ray. Arrow on chest computed tomography indicates the proximal and distal tips of foreign body.
 Axial T2-weighted MRI image showing bilateral inferiorly located thalami (arrows) and giant schizencephaly clefts.
 Anatomical landmarks of orbitofrontal lobe (OFL) in medial sagittal sections
 Chest X-ray showing pleural effusion and an obscured costal phrenic angle.
 Stent caught in Terumo wire & Snare.
 Anterior posterior x-ray of left leg: lytic lesions in the proximal and distal metaphyses of left tibia and fibula
 The reconstruction of the coronal plane imaging (300 μm thick) of GFP-M line mouse brain using fMOST. A 3D reconstruction of the mouse brain is in the top left corner; the cube at the coronal plane presents the spatial location of the data at the center. Six individual pyramidal neurons were segmented and traced, indicated in different colors. Axon arbors extend in the ipsilateral hemisphere and to the caudate putamen in the contralateral hemisphere via the corpus callosum. Redrawn from the imaging dataset published in Gong et al. (2013).
 Coronal section CT abdomen showing huge left adrenal cyst pushing left kidney inferiorly
 Normal Technetium (99mTc) exametazime study. Posterior image of the thorax and shoulders after administration of 27.2 mCi of Technetium (99mTc) exametazime demonstrates no significant uptake of radioisotope in the left shoulder (red arrow) when compared with the right. Incidental note is made of diffuse uptake in the lungs bilaterally (blue arrow) consistent with inflammation.
 3D-MIP reconstructed angiogram showing left VA duplication (A) and absence of A1 segment in the right ACA (B) in a 48-year-old male with left limb weakness for 1 day. The left carotid artery was removed using the MobiView post-processing package (Phillips). The 2 branches arise from the aortic arch and left subclavian artery (thick arrow), the left ACA is supplied from the opposite ACA (thin arrow).
 CT scan showing a pancreatic body mass and tail mass (white arrows) with portal vein thrombus (black arrows).
 Patient 2. Preoperative sonographic control with massive enlarged lymphatics.
 Cone beam computed tomography image showing C-shaped canal in maxillary third molar
 T2 weighted MRI of the brain showing horse shoe lateral ventricle with fused frontal lobe anteriorly
  Early-phase ICG of left eye showing a large hypocyanescent area superior and superotemporal to disc.
 Thrombus in right atrium, left atrium, and left ventricle
 Preoperative coronal reformatted multi detector computed tomography image showing patency of the trachea and both main bronchi (white arrows).
 Computed tomography of adrenal glands. Normal right adrenal gland with no hyperplasia and left adrenal gland with two nodules 1.8×1.5 cm and 1.6×1.1 cm.
 Preoperative intraoral periapical X-ray of the cleft palate
 The string-of-beads sign with alternating regions of lumen narrowing and vessel dilatation on angiogram of the ICA (arrows) in a 52-year-old woman sufferning from recurrent transient ischemic attacks.
 Sagittal MRI view demonstrating collapse of L5 vertebral body suggestive of metastatic disease.
 Image depicting a transthoracic echo cardiogram, depicting vegetation and severe mitral regurgitation.
 X-ray of the heel: Destructive changes at the sight of calcaneal tendon attachment due to inflammation.
 Abdominal radiograph demonstrating the large colon present in the abdominal cavity
 Thrombi in the lumen of the left femoral vein.
  Coronal magnetic resonance imaging of the temporal bone showing bilateral cerebellopontine angle tumors with homogeneous enhancement after gadolinium injection on T1-weighted sequence, measuring 1.5 cm on the right side and 3.0 cm on the left side.
 Bladder ultrasonographic finding shows mild and diffuse wall thickening of bladder wall.
 Further axial T2 study 3 months later (08/2013) showing some improvement in extent of T2 abnormality and oedema; dural thickening and enhancement persist.
  Chest X-ray showed bilateral pneumothorax in a health screening.
 Multi-slice computed tomography examination. Atherosclerotic plaques are located at the origin of the first septal branch.
  CT scan: the left kidney noted no extravasation or parenchymal injury but with a fractured calculus.
 Sagittal MRI of right knee with chronic osteomyelitis from distal femur diaphysis to most distal aspect.
 Magnetic resonance imaging–fluid-attenuated inversion recovery image through midbrain showing hyperintensity of the corticospinal tracts and red nucleus
 TDM abdominale montrant une masse arrondie tissulaire homogène, à contours réguliers de 103/79 mm entrant en contact intime avec une anse jéjunale tout en restant à distance de la queue du pancréas, reins, rate, utérus et des ovaries
 A mammogram of female breast, revealing micro-calcifications (white dots) [6], reproduced with permission
 Radiological view after conservative treatment
 Mandibular ramus measurements of female patient on orthopantomographThe sex could be determined from calculations using the equations given below: (Table 1) 10DMale: −185.622 + 1.361 (max. ramus breadth) + 1.087 (min.ramus breadth) + 2.253 (condylar height) − 0.717 (projective height of ramus) + 0.081 (coronoid height)DFemale: −161.761 + 1.276 (max. ramus breadth) + 0.948 (min.ramus breadth) + 2.220 (condylar height) − 0.753 (projective height of ramus) + 0.063 (coronoid height)
 MRI—Transverse section. T2 weighted phase. Multiple nodules of long T2 signal are visible in the right area of the prostate
 Uterine cavity after hysteroresection. Sonogram of unfavorable outcome.
 Cholangiogram revealing areas of filling defect of the common bile duct consistent with stones.
 Axial CT (with oral and intravenous contrast enhancement) showing a 6.7 × 6.9 cm heterogeneous exophytic mass with areas of central low attenuation arising from the lower pole of the right kidney, with areas of central necrosis.
 " Tobacco pouch" appearance, A. Terminal hydrosalpinx with the conical narrowing is seen in the right tube (arrow). Eversion of the fimbria secondary to adhesions, with a patent orifice produces the tobacco pouch appearance in the left terminal.
 Axial T2-weighted MR image reveals extensive signal intensity changes within the bone marrow of the right scapula and the adjacent soft tissues. The lesion is markedly expansile
 Thorax and abdominal computed tomography of the patient demonstrating bilateral areas of consolidation in the lung parenchyma and multiple infarcts in the left lower lobe of the lungs, in the liver, in the spleen, in the left upper lobe of the left and middle zone of the right kidney, and in some parts of the intestines (arrows).
 The IMU location. The IMU attached to the belt and positioned to the right side of the subject pelvis and relevant LF.
 Computed tomography reconstructed coronal image of the abdomen and pelvis demonstrating gas in the thoracolumbar spinal canal (arrow).
 Cholangioragphie per opératoire: aspect en faveur d’une ansa pancréatica
 Histologic slide of nematode in appendiceal lumen.
 Post-operative radiograph after the patient underwent conversion to an uncemented left total hip arthroplasty.
 CT scan showing a hypoplastic right kidney and a malrotated left kidney.
 Hypoplasia of right frontal sinus.
 Magnetic resonance image of rectal cancer after neoadjuvant radiotherapy. The arrow indicates the reduced tumors. Some enlarged lymph nodes have disappeared.
 Fluorescein angiography of the posterior pole of the right eye showing only mild central vein dilation.
 MRI shows a subcapsular liver hematoma without significant size progression at T2-weighted imaging.
 Case 1: Ameloblastoma
 Computed tomography (CT) axial view of the pelvis demonstrating an abnormal mass in the pelvis (outlined) which appears to arise from the uterus with bulbous soft tissue expansion of the organ diffusely measuring approximately 20 x 14.5 x 16.7 cm. There may be circumferential residual myometrium present, likely a primary endometrial abnormality.
 Left renal upper pole nodule.
 Subcostal echocardiographic image to demonstrate the hepatic cyst touching the right atrium.Note: Subcostal echocardiographic image to demonstrate the hepatic cyst touching the right atrium.
 CT head scan at 2 weeks showing established left middle cerebral artery territory infarct as previously demonstrated. The haemorrhagic transformation is longer visible
 Computed tomographic scan performed on postoperative day 1 to demonstrate the good position of the bone flap.
 Right thumb anteroposterior radiograph 5 weeks postoperatively demonstrating bony union of the MFC flap (arrow) with maintenance of interphalangeal joint space.
 Computed tomography demonstrating pelvic fluid and gas collection incompletely drained by a rectal foley catheter
 The maximum transverse size the aneurysm reached at the L1 level (angio-CT)
 Computed tomography aorta sagittal reconstruction. Arrow indicates location of transducer in Figure 1.
 Panoramic radiograph: radiolucid image of right mandibular body and ramus, with involvement of the included tooth #47.
 CT image of the tumor in the right nasal cavity
 Computed tomography contrast demonstrates pericardial mass
 Conical tip covered with cobalt film (thickness 7 nm) and carbon after dipping in an aqueous solution of coated nanoparticles with CALNN-Si-peptide
 Developmental variant of the pancreas – pancreas divisum: K – spine, Ao – aorta, PŻW – common bile duct, żnl – left renal vein; crosses mark the ventral hypoechoic part of the pancreas
 T2-weighted image of the patient's left heel. MRI machines measure proton density; density is proportional to how dark a tissue appears on the scan. 'T1' and 'T2' are technical terms describing the time required for proton relaxation. T2 images make adipose tissue, water, and other fluids bright, thus these images are ideal for detecting tissue edema. On the image, note the intact flexor hallucis longus (filled arrowheads) pulled taught. The flexor hallucis longus is responsible for what little plantar flexion the patient had left. The arrows show the retracted and limp proximal end of the Achilles tendon, with the bright area of signal intensity (open arrowhead) representing inflammation and fluid migration between the severed ends.
 Coronal MIP image showing complete portomesenteric vein thrombosis (black arrows) with associated mesenteric stranding (white arrows).
 Measurements of pelvic dimensions: axial computed tomographic image showed a transverse interspinous distance of 96 mm, and anteroposterior sacrum-pubis distance of 110 mm.
 MRI brain showing CSF spaces and cerebral atrophy that are prominent for a patient of this age.
 The gastrosplenic ligament is seen between the stomach and spleen. The phrenicocolic ligament is seen beyond the lower pole of the spleen and it separates the left paracolic gutter with the left subphrenic space. The phrenicocolic ligament is not attached to the spleen
 Postoperative sagittal MRI confirmed an anatomical reduction of the atlantoaxial complex and a normal spinal cord course without compression. MRI = magnetic resonance imaging.
 Non-contrast-enhanced, sagittal abdominal CT image more clearly demonstrating the intraluminal component in the IVC as well as the relationship between the lesion and the hepatic hilum.
 Ultrasonography, 8.0 MHz. Sagittal section of right testis showing areas of inhomogeneous parenchyma and cystic lesions (arrowhead).
 Preoperative computed tomography scan displaying a severe circumferentially calcified aortic annulus
 Radiograph showing the foreign object in the root canal
 Casting-type microcalcifications (linear, branching).
 Corresponding LCX stenosis on CAG
 Cardiovascular magnetic resonance T1-weighted sequence obtained two weeks after discharge showed hyperintensity of the posterior lateral wall of the basal left ventricle. LVEF was 57%.
 Angiography. Left ventricle injection: supraaortic stenosis.
 Two weeks postoperatively, a chest computed tomography scan shows the pleural space filled by the intrathoracic transposition of the latissimus dorsi muscle flap (white arrow). A chest computed tomography scan of the right upper lobe shows pneumonia (black arrow).
 Intraoperative image of SHS lag screw position on AP view.
 MRI showed that 5 × 8 mm mass the has irregular borderline (arrow).
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain showing ring enhancing lesion in the left cerebellum with mass effect on the fourth ventricle, one month after initial presentation.
 Measurement according to RECIST in one dimension.Long axis and short axis measurement in cm is shown in the figure.
 Coupe échographique transversale sous xiphoïdienne montrant une rate hétérogène en situation épigastrique
 PET-CT showing increased uptake in the area of the fistula.
 T2 fluid attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) image of the left medial thalamic infarct.
 Endoscopic view showing a 4 × 3-cm submucosal tumor with normal mucosa.
 20-year-old male. Coronal T2-weighted MRI scan with fat saturation, showing a meniscoid superior labrum (straight arrow). The operative report mentioned a superior labral tear. Note the typical lateral high signal orientation within the labrum, which is most likely to represent a superior labral tear (curved arrow).
 Intestinal fluoroscopy in a 48-year-old man with pleomorphic carcinoma of the lung. Stenosis in the distal part of the jejunum is shown (arrows)
 Axial T2-weighted metal artifact reduction sequences image showing a Type 1 cystic mass with wall thickness <3 mm (arrow)
 Transvaginal ultrasonography, performed to further aid diagnosis, revealed several echo-free regions in the cervix, with diameters between 4.7 and 12 mm. This image shows one of the echo-free regions (white arrow) detected on ultrasound examination (diameter, 5 mm).
 Left revision total elbow arthroplasty lateral view
 T1-weighted coronal magnetic resonance image with gadolinium enhancement before radical resection of the tumor. Note the tumor originating from the nasal cavity invading the anterior skull base (arrow)
 Axial fused 18F-FDG-PET/CT (SUV scale 0–6) demonstrating a FDG-avid (SUV max 7.8) nodule in the right lobe of the thyroid.Abbreviations: 18F-FDG-PET/CT, 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography/computed tomography; SUV, standardized uptake value.
 One year radiograph
 Chest X-ray: anteroposterior view showing severe pulmonary edema.
 33-year-old man with chest pain, hemoptysis, and right atrial mass. A. Axial CT section through the chest after intravenous contrast, mediastinal window shows a filling defect in the right atrial lumen that extends across the adjacent wall of the right atrium into the epicardial fat. There is also a moderate sized pericardial effusion. B. Axial CT section through the chest, lung window demonstrates multiple bilateral small pulmonary nodules.
 Axial T2-weighted slice of brain by magnetic resonance imaging, showing hyperintensity lesions in the pons and cerebellum around the fourth ventricle.
 Panoramic radiograph of a KCOT occupying mandibular symphsis, between the right and left second premolars. Note the root resorptions of the anterior mandibular incisors. Slight appearance of the radiolucent areas in the right and left ramus, and in the posterior part of the right mandible associating with the second molar.
 Postoperative image of giant mucinous cystadenoma of left ovarian.
 TDM abdominale (coupe transversale): zones hypodenses triangulaires rénales bilatérales à base périphérique et à sommet central en rapport avec des infarctus rénaux
 Mammographic parenchymal pattern I. Changes to either pattern II or pattern III with involution; is the most common mammographic parenchymal pattern in pre‐menopausal women and is associated with an average risk for malignancy.23
 Conventional angiography of superior mesenteric artery immediately after irreversible electroporation. Angiography revealed that there is occlusion in superior mesenteric artery (red arrow) and also occlusion in hepatic artery (white arrow) originated from superior mesenteric artery.
 Barium enema showing hugely distended duodenum
 IOPA showing placement of mineral trioxide aggre gate at the apex and closure with temporary material
 Rinolith is seen on the left nasal cavity. (r: rinolith, O: orbit, M: Maxillary sinus)
 EUS exam of the same patient showing the hypoechogenic mass, 2 cm in size, located in the lung parenchyma.
 A large mass involving the gallbladder and the anterior surface of the liver.
 Time of flight MR angiography showing stenosis (arrows) of the extracranial internal carotid artery up to the petrous segment.
 Postoperative magnetic resonance imaging showing complete excision
 Doppler of umbilical artery showing normalization of systolic/diastolic ratio (2.52) after starting sildenafil citrate.
 Digital subtraction angiography of the hepatic artery.
 Lateral migration of ESIN. ESIN, elastic stable intramedullary nailing.
 Planning of 7 treatment cells in the cortex of the kidney
  Case I: Axial Myelo- CT presenting the point of leakage on the left side, D1 nerve (narrow 1) and the indirect leakage around the spinal cord (narrow 2).
 CT Cervical spine demonstrating a large ossified bony bar extending from the posterior surface of the C4 vertebral body up to the level of the upper surface of the C3 vertebral body.There are also multiple areas of calcification involving the intravertebral discs, annulus fibrosis, the ligmentum flavum and the transverse ligament behind the odontoid process.
 Computed tomography angiography axial view below bifurcation of carina shows basal lung atelectasis, lung hyperinflation, and enlarged main pulmonary artery
 Case 1: 3-month-old male child presenting with symptoms of pallor, abdominal distension, petechial rashes, and recurrent respiratory infections later diagnosed with congenital leukemia. X-ray of both knees and legs, shows diffuse osteopenia with prominent metaphyseal zones (arrows).
 The biological target volume (BTV) of the primary tumor was determined when using 10% isodensity volumes (yellow line). CT-based GTV was outlined by red line.
 77-year-old woman with renal tumor. Pre-operative CT. There is a 2.8 cm strongly enhancing, sharply marginated mass (arrow) arising from the left kidney.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (T2-weighted axial image) showing diffuse dural mass and another large lesion in the left occipitoparietal bone with intracranial extradural, intraosseous, and subgaleal soft tissue components.
 Coronal view of the scrotal MRI scan clearly demonstrates a bilobed testicle on the left draining into a single epididymis and vas
 Reconstructed computed tomography with contrast demonstrating a pseudoaneurysm at the origin of the left common carotid artery (arrow).
 Mesenteric panniculitis in a patient with non-Hodgkin lymphoma (same patient as Figures 3 and 7) following chemotherapy. Axial computed tomography image shows almost complete resolution of the mesenteric adenopathy (red arrow) but persistent mesenteric panniculitis (yellow arrows).
 Cranial magnetic resonance imaging sagittal T1 image showing the tip of the deep brain stimulation electrode in the ventral intermediate nucleus of the thalamus.
 The origin of aorta from the left ventricle can be seen at about 30 cm distance in esophagus. Slight clock-wise and anti-clockwise rotation reveals the three sinuses just above the aortic valve
 Axial T1 postcontrast turbo-spin echo image from patient's cardiac MR performed in 2008, obtained at the level of the previous pathology proven atrial myxoma.
 EUS of an ulcerative lesion in the antrum. The tumor (lesion) is seen to penetrate through the serosa with a hypoechoic lymph node (*) also apparent. The lesion was confirmed as a T4, N1 stage GC on histopathology after total gastrectomy (image courtesy of Professor Lawrence Ho, NUS, Singapore).
 Multi-infarc dementia type of vascular dementia on T2-weighted brain MRI.
 34-year-old female with osteoporosis of pregnancy. Coronal T1-weighted image approximately 6 months postgestation shows normal signal of the proximal femurs.
 Magnetic resonance imaging: large retroperitoneal mass compressing the liver.
 Right lateral recumbent radiograph illustrating a marked alveolar perihilar infiltrate. The dog (case 1) died five hours later.
 A follow-up enhanced CT scan after embolization performed 16 weeks later shows a decrease in size of the post-hemorrhagic pseudocyst as well as gradual atrophy of the right lobe of the liver (arrow).
 Bone scintigraphy of patient case 1 shows increased uptake of tracer at the left side of the mandible.
 Axial CT scan at the level of the arytenoid cartilages shows diffuse soft tissue thickening of the vocal folds and paraglottic fat (arrows). The superior pole of the thyroid neoplasm is noted (arrowhead). Note that there is no evidence of thyroid cartilage invasion (curved arrows)
 The ulnar seat has a smaller radius (small circle) compared to the sigmoid notch (large circle).
 Measurement of IOL tilt (A, B = scleral spur, C, D = two optical endpoints of IOL, and line AE was the parallel line of line CD).
 12-month followup RVG: 36, 37.
 High-resolution computed tomography (HRCT) of the chest at the level of the upper lobes. An enlargement of the trachea at the thoracic inlet is observed measuring in both sagittal and axial dimensions 2.1 cm. A subpleural reticular pattern associated with focal thickening of the pleura and of the major fissures bilaterally.
  Panoramic radiograph of the same patient with missing maxillary lateral incisors.
 Chest CT scan. It shows 3×4×5 cm-sized low-attenuated homogenous oval shaped mass with sharp margin at the anterior mediastinum. It is diagnosed as thymoma radiologically.
 Cervical cancer Stage IVA with bladder invasion. Sagittal T2-weighted image demonstrates a large tumour (T) in the cervix which invades the full width of the posterior bladder wall
 Case 3: CT showing that the cone-shaped bone fragments migrated to the tissue of postcricoid, and air and abscess were found around the neck.
 (A) MRI showing large posterior fossa archnoid cyst. (B) MRI showing posterior fossa archnoid cyst causing compression of adjacent structures
 Contrast enhanced CT imaging of abdomen showing mild edematous pancreas.
 CECT with coronal reconstruction showing emphysematous pyelonephritis of left kidney
 Choroidal melanoma. USG reveals a lenticular-shaped mass (arrow) deeply embedded in, and arising from, the choroid in an adult woman with a history of gradual loss of vision in her right eye (R). The mass is moderately reflective a sign suggestive of choroidal melanoma
 An esophagogram showing a distal perforation with contrast extravasation.
 Humeral retrotorsion as shown on ultrasound imaging.
 Axial computed tomographic scan without contrast agent displaying left inguinal soft tissue. Suspicious hyperdense, irregularly shaped lesion (arrow) with a diameter of approximately 8mm in the left inguinal soft tissue
 Case 2: misplacement of an end cup. Visible iatrogenic injury to the base of the femoral neck (black arrow). Medial cortex of the femoral neck apparently intact
 MIP image from a PET study of a 42-year-old man with widespread intensely FDG-avid lesions involving lymph nodes in the neck, supraclavicular regions, axillae, chest (bilateral hilar and mediastinum), abdomen (para-aortic, retroperitoneal and iliac chain) and inguino-femoral regions as well as the spleen along with multiple subdermal/ subcutaneous lesions (arrows), mimicking lymphoma. Biopsy showed sarcoidosis in the nodes, as well as in the subdermal/ subcutaneous lesions
 Thoracic CT at the first medical consultation
 Ultrasonographic aspect of the tissue.
 Magnetic resonance imaging, right shoulder, sagittal view, showing complete resection of the lesion (acromioplasty) and resection of the lateral end of the clavicle.
 Control coronary angiography in 2011 showing only discrete narrowings
 Computed tomographic image showing the presence of orbital cellulitis.Note: Fat density signals are present surrounding the left eye (arrows), but no sinusitis can be seen.
 Occlusion of persistent ductus venosus (yellow arrow) with a balloon wedge catheter introduced from the inferior vena cava. Balloon occlusion angiogram shows adequate portal vein ramification
 Computed tomography showing gastric pneumatosis.
 Axial CT scan of the sinuses showing sphenoid sinus hypoplasia in a 25-year-old patient with cystic fibrosis.
 CT of neck demonstrating prominent maxillary gingival and palatal swelling and ulcerations with significant loss of maxillary teeth on the left side
 Orthopantamogram (Patient 2)
 Ultrasonographic image (longitudinal plane) of an affected iliopsoas muscle. Loss of typical fascicular architecture with inhomogeneously hypoechoic appearance and accumulation of flocculent fluid (arrows) is present. VB vertebral body
 Chest X-ray PA view 72 hours after the removal of the endobronchial tube and placement of tracheal tube
 Axial T1-weighed magnetic resonance imaging with contrast demonstrating a greatly dilated left superior ophthalmic vein (white arrow) and normal right superior ophthalmic vein (black arrow).
 High resolution computed tomography scan of a 6-year-old boy with recurrent pneumonia in the right lower lobe due to congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation (diagnosis confirmed at lung biopsy after lobectomy).
 Fibrous dysplastic change in right sphenoid bone
 X-ray of the rabbit's forearm anteroposterior view showing none of the bones had healed at 8 weeks in the bone defect group
 Axial CT image of 23-year-old woman with left lower lobe subpleural nodule. After guiding needle was inserted into lesion, pneumothorax (black arrow) developed by time biopsy needle was exchanged with stylet. Although tip of guiding needle was advanced inside lesion margin, small needle length inside lung resulted in slipping of needle tip in and out of lesion during respiration motion, resulting in pneumothorax. However, biopsy was obtained successfully under stable pneumothorax.
 Vein of Galen arteriovenous malformation, magnetic resonance image. Ischemic lesions in the left hemisphere and as a result of the venous congestion, there is a resorption disorder of the cerebrospinal fluid resulting in a hydrocephalus.
 X-ray esophagus with gastrografin showing sinus tracts extending from anterior aspect of esophagus.
 Upper mediastinal cross-section. Line A (light blue dotted line): an imaginary line that smoothly connects the anterior aspects of four vessels (the right brachiocephalic vein, the brachiocephalic artery, the left common carotid artery and the left subclavian artery).
 Bilateral upper and mid-zone infiltrates consistent with active pulmonary tuberculosis.
 CT scan of circumferential thickening on thoracic esophagus.
 Decreased attenuation of both cerebellar hemispheres.
 Postoperative panoramic view
 Left heart catheterization demonstrating left main disease (dashed) and 70% LAD ostial lesion (solid).
 Saggital computed tomography (CT) image with contrast in the bladder demonstrates bladder herniation
 Radiography of the pelvis: disjunction of the pubic symphysis with erosions of the banks
 Coronal CT image of bilateral medial displacement of the lateral nasal wall in a pediatric CF patient.
 Chest X-ray showing the NG tube blocked at the distal oesophagus. The typical retrocardiac gas filled viscus cannot be seen.
 Small bowel follow-through. Almost the whole jejunum is lying in the right flank-enormous dilatation of terminal ileum and consensual elevation of the left diaphragm.
 Frontal view of MRI with T2 weighted images showing cystic mass in the left vastus lateralis muscle. The enlargement of the mass is approximately 77 × 20 × 18 mm.
 Preoperative vascularity at recipient siteComputed tomography angiography verified patency of the right superior gluteal artery (yellow arrow).
 Transthoracic echocardiogram M-mode through the left ventricle showing synchronous contraction.
 Echocardiogram of a subject with rheumatic mitral stenosis
 Computed tomography image of thymoma. Figure shows image at level of carina, with large left-sided thymoma. Major mediastinal structures are labelled for orientation purposes.
 62-year-old man with eroding pancreatic pseudocyst. Celiac trunk catheter angiography in portal venous phase shows contrast filling the lesion (arrow) in continuity with the portal vein (arrow head).
 MRI axial image of the lumbar spine with the block arrow pointing to the facet joint, which is the most prominent area after the spinous process and is easily palpable after the lumbar fascia is incised. The thin arrow denotes the plane of dissection between multifidus medially (M) and longissimus laterally (L). This plane is approximately 2 to 2.5 cm lateral to the midline.
 Anteroposterior radiographs of patient's foot show a lesion in the calcaneus condensed with aggressive periosteal reaction and soft-tissue swelling.
 Echocardiographic assessment of MR severity by VC. Color flow imaging of mitral regurgitation for measurement of vena contracta in apical long axis view.
 Ultrasound image of fetal bladder obstruction with the characteristic “keyhole” sign (B: Bladder, u: urethra)
 B-mode sonography showing a 25 mm polypoid lesion within the gallbladder (arrow). The tumor appears to have broad contact to the gallbladder wall at two locations.
 Chest x-ray showing moderate cardiomegaly and prominent bibasilar interstitial markings.
 Follow-up x-ray at 1-month.
 Transverse abdominal muscle (TrA) thickness was measured as the distance between both aponeuroses perpendicular to the direction of the muscle fibres
 Axial CT demonstrates retroperitoneal air (arrows) anterior to the right and left common iliac arteries, and posterior to the left psoas muscle.
 Working length 11.
 PVA Hydrogels after swelling at pH 1.2 and 7.4.
 T2 sagittal image showing subarachnoid hemorrhage at T8–T9 with spinal cord edema.
 ultrasound image of paraspinal muscles at L 3 level
 Vertebral angiography. At T4 level, there was stagnation of contrast at the anterior spinal canal portion, pseudoaneurysm (arrow) was suspected.
 Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Axial diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) MRI sequences. In the context of a chronic vascular disease, multiple and bilateral hyperintense lesions, suggestive of a cardioembolism
 Sacral and pelvic bones with lytic lesions.
 T1-weighted sagittal MRI sequence showing complete agenesis of the corpus callosum in a 16.50 year old patient affected by SWCAH (patient no. 4)
 Radiograph in anteroposterior (AP) view. The blue line follows along the margins of the tunnel, 2 cm below the medial joint line, and the tunnel diameter is given as the perpendicular to this blue line, represented by the red line “a”. At the same point, the bone diameter is calculated, represented by the orange line “b”. The variable “a” is then divided by the constant “b”.
 Axial image revealing 3-dimensional wire view of the Gamma Knife radiation dose cloud.
 Diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the brain on admission. Note the high-intensity areas suggesting acute phase of brain infarction in the left basal ganglia, left corona radiata, and left cerebral cortex (arrows).
 Measurement of the right atrial area.
 Oblique IVP reveals insertion of the ectopic ureter into the vaginal cavity in Patient B (arrows).
 Lateralised and verticalised tibial tunnel in combined UKA and ACL-reconstruction
 Preoperative computed tomography scan of patient 11. Carcinoid infiltrating right lung and Vena cava superior
 Digital subtraction angiography (DSA) before GKS showing a deep right thalamic AVM
 Lateral view of post-angioplasty CCA angiogram shows development of dissection on the atheromatous plaque (arrow).
 High-resolution micro-computed-tomography of an implanted titanium cylinder. The inner thread was used for the implantation and the pull-out test
 Cross sectional areas of facet joint were check between three lines (a : upper endplate, b : disc space, c : lower endplate).
 Upper GI series: stomach and proximal 3 parts of duodenum are slightly distended. The DJF, however, not opacified but can be estimated that it is located lower than its normal position. No distal contrast passage.
 Computed tomography revealing a 5 cm size heterogeneous mass in the right wall and base of the bladder.
 Coronal T2 spin echo MRI showing bulky rectal tumor (green arrow), CRM (red arrow) and its involvement by the tumor (blue arrow)
 Plain abdominal X-ray revealed severely distended stomach with large amount of food materials.
 Cerebellitis caused by infection with the Epstein-Barr virus. Axial slice in a fluid-attenuated inversion recovery sequence, showing diffuse hyperintensity in the cerebellum, especially in the right hemisphere.
 Axial proton-density–weighted fat-suppressed fast spin echo image in a 51-year-old female patient shows a (relatively thick) normal intermeniscal ligament (arrow) and normal anterior root of the medial meniscus (small arrow) and of the lateral meniscus (arrowhead)
 Panoramic reconstructed cone-beam computed radiographic image shows chronic sclerosing osteomyelitis with periodontal ligament widening around right mandibular canine as well as mental fistula.
 Unenhanced computed tomogram image of thorax demonstrating diffuse ground glass opacification with subpleural sparing and septal thickening consistent with an atypical pneumonia.
 Puborectalis angle (α angle). IAS: Internal anal sphincter; EAS: External anal sphincter; PR: Puborectalis muscle.
 The position of metal calibration gauges on the lower molars
 Enhanced axial CT scan of the brain shows multiple enhancing brain lesions seen supratentorially and infratentorially; the largest is seen in left caudate head with surrounding reactive parenchymal edema.
 Preoperative X-ray (AP view) of a 39-year male patient with left humeral osteosarcoma.
 OPG X-ray revealed multiple radiolucent lesions and foating teeth
 Contrst Enhanced CT Scan showing the lesion in subcutaneous plane over masseter muscle(Lt).
 T2 weighted turbo spin-echo sagittal image shows a lobulated, high signal intensity mass indicating chondroid matrix.
 Chest radiograph demonstrating a widened upper mediastinum.
 Angiography showing a peripheral right middle cerebral artery aneurysm arising from a peri-sylvian branch of the posterior division in the mid M3 deep sylvian segment
 Contrast-enhanced axial CT image of the same patient as figure 6 demonstrates the tip of the intercostal drainage tube (arrow) within the lung
 Abdominal computed tomography scan (arterial phase)—tumor of the left kidney.
 Case 6 – Magnetic resonance imaging of brain (sagittal section) revealing a pituitary adenoma
 Axial T2-weighted thoracolomber MRI shows cystic mass in the bilateral intervertebral foramen between 12th thoracal and 1st lumbar vertebrae.
 TDM thoracique montrant une lyse sternale avec abcès para vertébral
 Lateral view aortogram showed a very large 10 mm tubular patent arterial duct which was similar in size to the descending thoracic aorta [Movie 2]
 Pre-anti-TB treatment temporal bone CT scan of case report 2.
 Coronal computed tomography image of an antrochoanal polyp on the right side
 Pre-treatment cephalogram.
 Axial section of CT scan showing hematoma in iliopsoas region.
 Micturating cystogram showing bladder outlet obstruction
 Combination of extrapleural hematoma and hemothorax. Lenticular-shaped extrapleural hematoma is surrounded by a thin strip of fat (arrow)
 Determination of epicardial and pericardial adipose tissue: Epicardial (shown in red) and pericardial (shown in blue) contours were drawn in the end-diastolic image in a CMR 4-chamber view
 Gadolinium contrast-enhanced MRI scan of the pelvis, showing, hypointense lesions with avid uptake and vascular dilation in the myometrium, sometimes in close contact with the uterine effusion, in patients treated for GTN.
 Chest X-ray showing postprocedure implantation of a dual chamber pacemaker, with leads traversing through a persistent left superior vena cava.
 EUS: Mediastinal pseudocyst (arrows)
 PET/CT slice of the chest with a segmented esophageal tumor.
 The trapezial space decreased to 7.7 mm at 17 months after surgery.
 Single representative axial section through the brain post-thrombolysis. Within the parasagittal cortex of the left frontal lobe in the anterior cerebral artery territory is an ischaemic infarct with a small amount of haemorrhagic transformation (area of increased attenuation marked with the arrow).
 An ultrasound of right kidney showed multiple renal stones.
 Axial minimum intensity projection of susceptibility weighted imaging at 10-month follow-up depicts slightly hypointense signal within right striatum.
 Preoperative cardiac computed tomography with enhancement show a mass partially filled with contrast material from LV during systole. Asterisk (*) indicates a pseudoaneurysm. LA, left atrium. LV, left ventricle. M, organized thrombus.
 Heptic angiography shows tortuous vessels with staining of masses in both lobes of the liver.
 Preoperative 3D volume rendering image in the anterior view. A large aneurysm from the lower part of the abdominal aorta to the right CIA is observed. There is stenosis of the IVC due to displacement of AAA. The fistulous venous return to the IVC runs via the peripheral dilated veins in the bilateral internal iliac veins, dilated left and right ovarian veins, and left renal vein.
 Sonogram showing guide wire (arrow) in the center of the muscle complex.
 A transthoracic parasternal long axis view with harmonic imaging illustrating a vegetation (arrow) involving the aortic valve during diastole. LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; RV, right ventricle; Ao, aorta.
 PET CT after treatment.
 Contrast enhanced T1 weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the left shoulder at the initiation of treatment showed synovial thickening with high signal intensity (arrow) and fluid collection in the synovium (arrow head).
 Stereomicroscopic view of ground section represents “dense in dente” (A- enamel, B- dentin, C- pulp chamber showing enamel, dentin, pulp)
 Axial computerized tomography (CT) at six months after the injury. The image shows a non-united, displaced, and isolated fracture of the body of the triquetrum.
 Nonenhanced CT performed at first admission, 5 hours after headache onset. Subtle signs of subarachnoid hemorrhage are evident (arrow), and there is also slight dilatation of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles, suggesting hydrocephalus.
 Axial chest CT showing lenticular collection.
 T2-weighted axial MRI demonstrating the mass (predominantly high signal) in the right retroperitoneal space anterior to psoas muscle between the IVC and right kidney (Black Arrow) compressing the overlying IVC (White Arrow).
 Panoramic radiograph showing periapical lesions related to the right mandibular second molar and canine and the left mandibular canine.
 Partitioned MR view of the disappearance of the left sylvian artery.
 Chest CT scan showing collapse consolidation of upper left lobe with prominent air bronchograms (arrow). Note compensatory hyperinflation of the right upper lobe with shift of the mediastinum to the ipsilateral side.
 Large retrogastric pancreatic fluid collection on magnetic resonance imaging.
 A covered stent securely placed in the right common and external iliac artery.
 Oblique longitudinal ultrasonographical image of the caudal part of the abdomen. Both kidneys were imaged simultaneously. The right and the left kidneys are on the left and right sides of the image, respectively. Part of urinary bladder was imaged on the left side. LK: Left kidney, RK: Right kidney. Cranial part of the right side of abdomen is on the left
 One-year radiograph
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography showed two tumors, and biopsy of one of the tumors confirmed adenocarcinoma
 Target volumes and organ at risks (OARs) contoured on the axial slice of the planning computed tomography.Clinical target volume (orange), heart (brown), left lung (blue), internal mammary nodes (yellow), planning target volume (red) oesophagus (black), right breast (purple), right lung (pink), spinal cord (green)
 High resolution double oblique volume targeted plane parallel to the right coronary artery (RCA). Note the well-defined borders of the RCA and fat suppression. In this figure it is possible to identify the ostium of the RCA, the conus, side branches (Sb). aortic root (Ao), left ventricle (LV) and right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT).
 Contrast MRI of the same patient
 Block of enlarged lymph node filling almost the entire right retroperitoneal space infiltrating the psoas muscle.
 X-ray during preoperative preparation. 1, density increase in the left apical area; 2, transpiring in ascendent aorta; 3, a rightward shift of the heart; 4, scoliosis.
 Atrioventricular canal defect. Axial b-FFE image in a 30 weeks’ gestation fetus shows enlarged heart with evident large atrioventricular septal defect (arrow) and pericardial effusion (arrowhead).
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography chest showing multiple bilateral “cannonball” pulmonary
 Circumflex coronary artery had a 90% stenosis.
 Preoperative intra oral periapical radiograph with SLOB rule helps separate the two roots
 Isodose curves of an inverse IMRT plan displayed on the axial plane at the level of the oral cavity.
 Macrocystic type and microcystic type serous cystic neoplasms (SCNs)
 Selective angiography of the gastroduodenal artery before coil embolization.
 Metallic piece in the lumen of the thickened small bowel.
 Chest PA findings Long-segment tracheal stenosis, low level of carina, right mediastinal buldging.
 Preoperative OPG, shows multilocular radiolucency, with extension into the roots of teeth without any root resorption
 Axial proton density fat-saturated magnetic resonance imaging (PD-fatsat MRI) (a Sect. 3 cm above the knee joint). Note the normal trochlear groove and sulcus angle
 X-ray neck, lateral view, showing absent air column around the endotracheal tube and calcified laryngeal cartilage
 Measurement of the MP on the right hip and HSA on the left hip
 MTA was applied to the root canal as apical plug approximately 5 mm.
 Axial computed tomography of the upper chest at the level of thyroid reveals the presence of pneumomediastinum.
 An infant pig weighing 8 kg.Fig. 1 depicts the image of lung window in Group A. Figs. 2–5 show the images in Group B-E. The image quality scores for Figs. 2 and 3 were both 5 points; furthermore, they were superior to that of Fig. 1, which scored 4 points. The image quality score for Fig. 4 was 4 points, which was identical to that of Fig. 1. However, Fig. 5 had poor image quality with extensive noise in the lung field. Small bronchi appeared unclear, so it was scored 3 points.
 Axial FLAIR image shows that the lesion shows hyperintense signal
 Bilateral pleural effusion with lower lobe atelectasis
 Chest X-ray revealing a well demarcated homogenous mass lesion (arrow) at the left cardiac border (on chest PA).
 Radiograph showing the foreign object in the tooth
 MRI Defecography: sagittal section of the pelvis in SSc patient: large distension of the bladder and distended rectum.
 Stress perfusion image from patient diagnosed with a type 2 diabetes in 2009. Note circumferential subendocardial perfusion delay.
 Hyper dense mass that measures 3.3 cm × 2.3 cm × 3.4 cm
 Thoracic depth measured from xiphoid process to the perpendicular of vertebral column in lateral recumbency.
 Radiolucent lesion with specks of radiopacities
 Postcontrast T1-weighted fat-saturated sequence showed irregular peripheral enhancement of the mass with nonenhancing areas centrally.
 Hypoattenuating area involving the left iliacus muscle measuring approximately 7.2×4.7×6.7 cm, with varying degrees of attenuation and some increase in density that was suggestive of retroperitoneal hematoma.
 T2 weighted magnetic resonance imaging of Patient 3 on hospital day 4 with massive right-sided temporo-occipital intraparenchymal hemorrhage.
 Intra-operative chest AP shows right pneumothorax and subcutaneous emphysema.
 Chest X-ray with tracheal stent in place.
 TRUS with a 12 MHz transducer
 Multiple hepatic metastases
 Echocardiography showing a left atrial mass measuring 4.1 cm × 2.6 cm blocking the mitral valve flow
 A panoramic view shows a unicystic ameloblastoma presenting as a unilocular radiolucent lesion associated with the right mandibular impacted third molar.
 CT cut through the apex of the lungs showing diffuse ground glass opacity with thickening of interlobar septa
 RVOT Doppler assessment. No turbulence is seen across the pulmonary valve, the direction of flow down the ductus arteriosus is correct.
 CECT Cyst with internal undulating septae.
 Ultrasound image of the left testicle. Arrow annotates abnormal mass lesion within testicular parenchyma.
 Lateral view DSA showing the larger distal MCA aneurysm (black arrow) and two other smaller aneurysms located more proximally on the Sylvian arterial branches (white arrows)
 Plain X-ray anteroposterior view of midfoot showing navicular stress fracture fixed percutaneously with a lag screw
 Computerized tomography scan of the abdomen showing sigmoid volvulus.
 Longitudinal fracture of the temporal bone involving the perigeniculate region is seen as an axial cut of the right temporal bone.
 Preoperative VCUG. Image reveals no reflux but a urinary bladder which could not receive appropriate amount of contrast material due to severe compression secondary to hematocolpos.
 IOPA of implant-abutment assembly.
 Contrast-enhamced T1 weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed multiple enhancing lesions with central hypointesnity
 14-year-old male with traumatic lipohemarthrosis of the wrist joint. MRI appearance of lipohemarthrosis. Sagittal, T1-weighted image at the level of the capitate bone redemonstrates the lipohemarthrosis. The fat, serum, and dependent red cells are seen as three different signal intensities. The top layer (white asterisk) is of higher signal intensity on this image when compared to the fat-saturated image (Fig. 1). This is consistent with fat density. The first fluid-fluid level (arrow) shows the fat layer floating above the near-water density of serum layer (curved arrow), as in Fig. 1. Again, as seen in the first figure, the second fluid-fluid level (arrowhead) separates the serum layer (curved arrow) and the dependent red-cell layer with high hemoglobin and iron content (black asterisk).
 58-year-old woman with suspected pulmonary embolism. Pulmonary angiogram of the right pulmonary artery obtained shortly after injection of contrast reveals an embolism within the right lower lobe pulmonary artery (arrow).
 Android and gynoid regions of interest (ROI)
 Arrows follow the curved tip of tunneled cuffed catheter
 Sagittal MRI T2 sequence of the cervical spine demonstrating an expanded spinal cord with myelomalacia at the level of C4/5.
 Sagittal computed tomography image of the patient. Multiple sclerotic lesions were seen in the entire skeleton
 Contrast enema in a sigmoidectomy patient, whose outcome was unsatisfactory.
 Precise electroporation, ex ovo, allows specific labeling of anterior intra-embryonic mesoderm.A montage of eight (8) XY microscope fields shows brightfield and epifluorescence images of a HH8 quail embryo that was electroporated approximately 10 hours earlier with Mito-YFP at stage HH4- (see Fig. S1 for details). The left panel shows the two optical modes superimposed. These data demonstrate that using our precision electroporation method it is possible to restrict all Mito-YFP labeling to intra-embryonic tissue exclusively. Specimens that displayed extra-embryonic fluorescence were discarded. Note that the bulk of the fluorescent cells are situated in a mesodermal compartment characterized by robust primary vasculogenesis. Using this targeted approach any Mito-YFP fluorescent cells observed in circulation after HH10 had to have originated from mesoderm of the embryo proper, i.e., did not arise from extra-embryonic mesoderm. Scale bar  = 1 mm or 1000 µm.
 Saggital T1W post-gadolinium contrast MRI; same patient as Figs 12 and 13. The olfactory neuroblastoma extends cephalad through the cribiform plate into the anterior cranial fossa and is shown with a cystic component superiorly.
 Postprocedural chest X-ray showing right mediastinal hematoma. Thoracic and vascular surgery team was consulted immediately and the decision was made to emergently take the patient to the operating room for evacuation of a mediastinal hematoma. Central and arterial access was obtained and transfusion of packed red blood cells (PRBC) was started. The hemodynamic status improved.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram in case 2. Apical four-chamber view showing flow acceleration and a left-to-right shunt across the interatrial septum on color Doppler examination (arrow).
 Pathological focal lesion in breast (arrows). In the US examination the pattern as for a benign lesion. Histopathological diagnosis: medullary breast cancer
 Reconstruction sagittale des coupes du scanner orbitaire
 CT chest showing resolution of pulmonary artery pseudoaneurysm post procedure.
 Radiological appearance of a lesion seems like a residuel cyst, but fine needle aspiration cytology showed that it was a giant cell granuloma.
 Pre-operative chest CT-scan showing the perforation of the posterior wall of the trachea, mediastinal emphysema and subcutaneous emphysema.
 Mere et Enfant Pablo Picasso, 1902 Oil on canvas, 97.5 cm × 112.3 cm
 Endometrioma in the abdominal wall at point of the cesarian section [T-1w.i. and fat saturation technique].
 Computed tomography scan after rupture, which shows near-complete resolution of the large pseudocyst into the omental bursa with decompression of the biliary tree with a very small residual collection
 Interval CT on treatment day one
 PA forearm radiograph: a ratio using the distance from the RCJ to the fracture divided by the entire length of radial shaft was then calculated to account for variations in the size of patient’s forearms (a/a + b)
 Follow-up radiological findings in Case 7: T2 weighted MRI scans of Case 7 showing extent of white matter disease in January 2006
 Figure from the ultrasound source EUB-6500HV presenting the mass during the biopsy procedure (figure by Paul Zarogoulidis).
 Contrast-enhanced brain CT scan showing a well-defined round hyperdense lesion (arrow head) in the roof of the third ventricle. Lesion is causing obstruction of the outlet foramina of the lateral ventricle and causing moderate hydrocephalus. CT features suggestive of colloid cyst
 CT-chest showing a large right upper lobe soft tissue mass arising from a tracheal bronchus compressing the middle lobe bronchus and mediastinum.
 ERCP has showed dilatation of common bile duct (white arrow) with multiple linear filling defects (black arrow).
 Sandal gap deformity.Plantar view of the foot in a fetus with Down syndrome reveals an abnormal degree of separation between the great toe and the second toe (arrow).
 Fracture of the stent due to compression by RVOT muscle bundles
 Linear measurements of anteroposterior dimensions of maxillary sinus.
 Measurement of the greater acromion tuberosity distance (Cholewinski index).
 Postoperative computer tomography scan of the chest.
 CT shows a rim-enhancing fluid collection (arrow) containing a small air bubble, characteristic of an abscess.
 Ultrasound of the left breast, showing an area of architectural distortion accompanied by irregular hypoechoic nodule with indistinct margins, which attenuates the ultrasound waves, without detectable vascularization on the Doppler flow study, together with adjacent round, circumscribed nodules, with posterior acoustic shadowing, giving the appearance of lipid cysts.
 Crohn's disease. The glued small intestinal loops (arrows) around the internal fistula
 Image showing sagittal view of a T2-weighted magnetic resonance image of the pelvis, which showed no evidence of recurrence
 Chest X-ray PA of patient showing cardiomegaly, pericardial effusion without pulmonary venous congestion and tubercular lesion in left upper zone and mid zone
 Abdominal ultrasound of CS with evidence of bright liver suggestive of severe hepatic steatosis.
 Multiple foreign bodies in the bowel in plain abdominal radiograph.
 Three-dimensional image showing the tricuspid valve vegetation.
 CBCT Image – post splint therapy
 Cholangiogram showing multiple large stones. After the common bile duct was selectively imaged using endoscopic retrograde cholangiography, the sizes and number of stones were confirmed, and the diameter of the distal bile duct was measured simultaneously
 Parenchymal window showing unaffected areas in bilateral lower lobes.
 Echocardiogram. Two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography in short-axis view of the heart base showing a greatly dilated pulmonary trunk with the dissection membrane (+). AO, aorta; LA, left atrium; T, true lumen; F, false lumen.
 Intraoperative radiograph demonstrating fracture reduction and supplemental screw fixation through burr holes in the retained acetabular shell.
 Pre-operative CT scan showing complete transection of the petrous portion of the left internal carotid artery.
 Saggital Cranial MR of the patient demonstrating very severe foramen magnum stenosis of 5 mm diameter
 Intracardiac ultrasound image obtained of the left atrium showing a circumferential mapping catheter at the ostium of the left lower pulmonary vein. Accurate knowledge of the pulmonary vein ostium in children is critical and can be difficult to ascertain with standard fluoroscopy.
 A four-year-old boy with a incidentally found mass on the dorsum of left foot. Radiograph of the left foot shows a soft tissue density, with faint stippled calcifications between the fourth and fifth metatarsal bones.
 Sagittal T1W MR image at midline of patient 5, shows ectopic posterior pituitary and hypoplastic pituitary stalk (arrow head)
 Transesophageal echocardiogram at midesophageal inflow/outflow tract revealing subannular abscess, in diastole.
 Ultrasonography of the neck showed a mass near the upper pole of left lobe of the thyroid.
 Failure of third-ventriculostomy. Postoperative image of endoscopic third-ventriculostomy. The presence of an intense flow artifact through the cerebral acqueduct toward the fourth ventricle is highlighted. Note the absence of flow identifiable by ventriculostomy orifice in the third ventricle, that is patent and wide (white arrow). Note the membrane in the pre-pontine cistern (black arrow) that may correspond to the lowered, intact Liliequist membrane or even pre-pontine membrane. Also, a remarkable global dilatation of the ventricular system is observed, probably resulting from obstruction at the level of the fourth ventricle output pathways where no sign of liquor cerebrospinalis flow is observed.
 Radiographie du bassin de face en post opératoire immédiat, objectivant l'ostéosynthèse du fragment céphalique et de la trochantérotomie
 Simple chest radiograph of the patient. Pneumonic infiltration with pleural effusion in the left lung was observed on the first day of admission.
 Measurement of the mid-lateral ventricular wall attenuation.
 Endoscopic findings of intranasal lesion ※1: Septum ※2: Middle turbinate.
 Plain radiograph demonstrating large radiopaque submandibular mass
 Intra-oral radiograph of the maxillary incisors at time of NUG diagnosis. The angle of the x-ray has shortened the roots.
 Temporary DDD pacing. Temporary atrial and ventricular leads were implanted from the right jugular vein.
 Coronal MIP image showing a dilated and tortuous recanalised paraumbilical vein (solid arrows) arising from the left portal vein (interrupted arrow) and draining into the right common iliac vein (arrowhead)
 Repeat transesophageal echocardiogram repeated after six weeks of antibiotic treatment showing resolution of the vegetation. LA: left atrium; LV: left ventricle.
 Axial T2 SPAIR image showing lobular mass in the superior pole of the right kidney.
 Panoramic radiograph showing an ectopic tooth located in the left mandibular ramus.
 Panoramic x-ray taken before fixed appliance treatment in 1991.
 Panoramic radiograph of the patient in 2003.
 Transabdominal image of an axial uterus and heterotopic pregnancy. Note the concurrent intrauterine pregnancy and caesarean scar ectopic pregnancy, the lack of myometrium around the caesarean scar ectopic pregnancy (arrow), and the bulge of the lower uterine segment into the bladder wall.
 Sarcoidosis. HRCT at the level of the upper lobes exhibits a “nodular without tree-in-bud pattern” characterised by the presence of perilymphatic micronodules around the interlobular septae, fissures, bronchovascular bundles and pleura
 Axial CT scan view reveals bilateral shoulder posterior dislocation with medium defect of articular surfaces (50% in the right, 30% in the left).
 Post-PVP lateral radiogram of the 2 vertebrae shows complete filling of both vertebral bodies with cement. Cement leakage was not observed from the posterior part of either vertebral body.
 Pretreatment orthopantogram
 Echocardiographic apical four-chamber view. Bowel loops severely compressing the right side of the heart (white arrow).
 Transabdominal sonographic cross-sectional image of umbilical cord (shown inside the red circle) in normal advanced pregnant buffalo. Two umbilical arteries (marked by yellow arrows) and two umbilical veins (marked by green arrows) are clearly visible in the image.
 Orthopantomogram showing bilateral elongation of styloid processes (original magnification)
 Preoperative MRI, coronal T2-W: 5 × 4 × 3 cm mass originating from the left submandibular gland. Two different multilobed neoformations with colliquate areas (black square and black trapezius) delimited by a thick pathological peripheral tissue are clearly visible.
 Broken right tibia of patient #8.
 Multiplanar reconstructed CT scan showing multiple small cysts in pancreatic uncus corresponding to acinar cell cystadenoma (image courtesy of Dr. Marie Pierre Vullierme, Hôpital Beaujon).
 Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreaticogram of a patient with Type-I choledochal cyst
 Retrograde pyelography with a filling defect in left ureter from L4-L5
 CTPA with extensive embolic filling defects throughout the pulmonary vasculature. Significant embolic filling defects are noted in the right (red arrow) and left (blue) main pulmonary artery.
 A computed tomography scan shows a sclerotic fracture gap without union at the fatigue fracture site of the right femur neck. The two screws seem to be relatively well fixed.
 The chest CT shows a large cystic mass with central low density and no mediastinal or hilar lymphadenopathy.
 TDM abdominopelvienne en coupes axiales après injection de produit de contraste montrant un rehaussement hétérogène de la masse tissulaire rétro-péritonéale au dépend de la veine cave inferieure (VCI) rétrohépatique, elle englobe la surrénale et arrive au contact de la tête du pancréas
 Diminuição da lesão infiltrativa que acomete o tecido subcutâneo, principalmente periorbitário esquerdo, e redução da proptose do mesmo lado. Redução da lesão na rinofaringe, hipofaringe e seios da face, em comparação com os anteriores
 Incidental ovarian cysts (white arrows) are identified during a staging CT scan obtained on this 67-year-old woman with lung cancer. Note the calcified fibroid (black arrow) within the uterus.
 A computed tomograph in the transverse plane, demonstrating a collection of fluid lateral to the spleen
 Enthesitis of the left gluteus maximus insertion in a 15-year-old boy with enthesitis-related arthritis. Axial STIR image demonstrates high signal in the left gluteus maximus insertion (arrow)
 The patient before high frequency percussive ventilation.
  Contrast-enhanced CT shows a cystic mass in the mid-body of the pancreas. The mass has areas of cystic degeneration but has solid nodules. The location and appearance are suggestive of mucinous neoplasm, which this proved to be on subsequent surgical resection.
 Anteroposterior supine pelvic radiograph revealed a large right proximal femur osteolytic lesion (black arrow).
 The twenty-month follow-up radiograph showing that the open apex was closed.
 The apical four chamber view, slightly modified in reference to Fig. 6: the ultrasound beam has been moved slightly upwards and to the front. This cross-section does not show the connection between the pathological membrane and the aortic mitral leaflet any more. The signs – as in Fig. 6
 Sagittal reformatted MDCT image shows the fistula (red arrow) lying anteriorly and the calculus (white arrow) with a hyperdense rim.
 Patient presenting with loss of vision following recent direct trauma to the eye.
 Control arteriography after balloon angioplasty
 End-systolic area measurement from transgastric mid-papillary short axis for the calculation of fractional area change
 Antero-posterior radiograph showing an osteolytic lesion in the proximal femur with a pathological femoral neck fracture
 Granuloma with visible suture thread (arrows) infiltrates the fascia
 Fluid-fluid level can be showed clearly on FLAIR T1-weighted images (arrow).
 Muscular defect – RV view
 Intraoperative imaging after revision fixation.
 The radiographic view of the patient after root canal treatment.
 Atrophy of frontal and temporal lobes bilaterally left more prominent than right.
 Digital subtraction angiography demonstrating an improved filling defect in the pulmonary artery following interventional mechanical embolus disintegration.
 Kniest dysplasia, Case 1. AP radiograph of the right foot demonstrates forefoot inversion. The metatarsal epiphyses have a flattened appearance.
 Sagittal T1-weighted MP-RAGE sequence on 1.5-T MR scan outlining the hippocampus (H) and amygdala (A) by manual volumetry.
 Chest CT scan in August 2008 showing a large right pneumothorax with atelectasis of the right upper and middle lobes.
 Retrograde uretero-pyelogram demonstrating an abrupt cutoff of the right distal ureter consistent with suture ligation.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the thorax showing left heart volume loading in a premature infant with a significant shunt through the arterial duct
 Stomach X-ray of the patient, indicating poor distension of the gastric body.
 Brain MRI, Sagittal View Without Contrast Enhancement
  Computed tomography of the thorax at the level of T1 with a breach of the cortex of the body of T1 on the right side.
 The outer diameter (A) and lateral (B) and medial (C) cortical thickness were measured at the thickest portion of lateral femoral cortex of the femur. Lateral CTI = B/A, medial CTI = C/A, and total CTI = (B + C)/A.
 PET scan identifies intensely hypermetabolic cutaneous lesion of the back. This patient has a history of multiple hypermetabolic cutaneous lesions with excisions.
 Video-assisted dissection of PPS tumour (patient 2) from pre-vertebral fascia using suction-dissector.
 Metastatic spread of pheochromocytoma in abdominal CT
 AP X-ray of the shoulder showing a type III calcifying lesion. White arrow pointing at the soft contour of the linear calcifications infiltrating the tendon
 Post-evacuation TEE demonstrating no residual DVSH and a widely patent LVOT. Key: DVSH—dissecting ventricular septal hematoma, LVOT—left ventricular outflow tract, TEE—transesophageal echocardiogram.
  Transverse CT image of 13-year-old boy with complicated appendicitis. The picture shows enlarged appendix with fluid collection in retrorenal plane, subfascial plane (white arrow), lateral conal plane (black arrow), and bridging septa.
 A sagittal view of a SPECT/CT corresponding to Fig. 6 is shown
 CT scan demonstrated a large, contrast enhancing soft tissue lesion pushing the larynx medially.
 Gallbladder wall thickening which accompanies hypoalbuminemia
 Muscle thickness and muscle cross sectional area (CSA) in high-frequency intraluminal ultrasound images. The image shows a markedly dilated esophagus with a thin muscle. Note that the muscle CSA is larger (157 mm2), even though the muscle is thin (1.65 mm).
 Axial T1W post gadolinium image from orbital MRI study for right sided visual loss.Right choroidal detachment is seen limited posteriorly at expected location of vortex vein insertion (white arrow) and extending anterior to ora serrata (black arrow). Enhancement of detached choroid is also apparent as in Figure 12. Likewise, enhancing lesion suggestive of neoplastic cause is absent. T1W = T1-weighted
 Placement of stent in an ostial RAS.
 Axial CT through the mid-abdomen following intravenous contrast: the normal part of the right kidney(K) is seen posteriorly with a large mass containing central necrosis arising anteriorly(T). Enlarged lymph nodes(L) are also seen adjacent to the aorta.
 Isointensity in corpus callosum (DWI)
 Chest X-ray of Case 1: A 32 year- old female presented with a 2-month history of fever, dry cough, shortness of breath on exertion and weight loss. She was treated with a number of antibiotics with no significant improvement. Chest radiograph showed extensive bilateral nodular infiltrates.
 Figure 2: A) CT scan of liver showing liver protrusion through the thoracic wall defect.
 RAM is in close proximity to atrial communication (AC).
 Midesophageal diverticulum on imaging. Chest computed tomography showing a midesophageal diverticulum (red arrows) projecting rightward at the tracheal bifurcation.
 Parasagittal SPGR T1WI (repetition time msec/echo time msec/inversion time msec, 11/5/500) depicting a small diverticulum along the ventrolateral 3rd ventricular floor/tuber cinereum projecting into the suprasellar cistern (thick arrow). Note central hypointensity representing 3rd ventricular CSF within (thin arrow).
 Antero-posterior radiograph after gamma nail was removed.
 Contrast enhanced axial CT image taken at the level of the hyoid bone shows a large retropharyngeal haematoma (star) with active intravenous contrast extravasation (arrow)
 Coronary angiography showed slow coronary flow of the circumflex (Cx) and left anterior descending (LAD) coronary arteries.
 Abdominal computed tomography shows about 3.5×5 cm-sized polypoid mass with marginal enhancement, central inhomogeneous low density, and partial mucosal wall disruption at the anterior wall, lesser curvature of antrum, near the gastric angle (arrows).
 Intraoperative X-ray cervical spine lateral view showing implant in situ
 FM in a 70-year-old woman who presented with dyspnea on exertion and had a positive result of T-SPOT.TB. CT pulmonary angiogram shows widening of the pulmonary artery trunk (arrow) and compression of pulmonary arteries by surrounding soft tissue at the hila (arrowheads). CT: Computed tomography; FM: Fibrosing mediastinitis.
 Transverse oblique image of normal anterior hip joint. I, iliopsoas tendon; P, psoas muscle; A, rim of the acetabulum; F, femoral head.
 MRI scan. Arrow pointing to the localized tumour in the rectum with no evidence of widespread metastasis
 A contrast-enhanced CT – coronal plane. The same case.
 Computed Tomography of a 27-Year-Old Patient After Trauma With Suspected Scaphoid Fracture and Negative RadiographyNon-displaced fractures of the trapezium and the hamate can be seen (arrows). These fractures were treated conservatively with splinting.
 Lateral representative DSA image, of the left external carotid artery shows the embolized branch of the lingual artery seen as a glue-cast (straight arrow) and a hypertrophied anterior branch (curved arrow) from the terminal external carotid artery, supplying the AVM.
 CT arthrogram.
 Incision marker in lower lobe of RSO and direction of microflap movement.
 A 22-year-old female patient with left ulnar nerve schwannoma. Coronal three-dimensional STIR SPACE image showing a well-defined heterogeneous soft tissue mass lesion in the supero-medial aspect of left arm which is arising from the ulnar nerve
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the pelvis at 12 weeks postoperatively, showing left uncemented total hip arthroplasty with Dall-Miles cables. The implant is stable and there are no radiolucencies.
 Large radiolucent mass in the right medial thigh. T1-weighted transverse magnetic resonance image of the right lower extremity demonstrating a large radiolucent mass in the right medial thigh (black arrow).
 Magnetic resonance venogram (MRV) of the head showing heterogeneous hypoenhancement of the cavernous sinuses concerning for cavernous sinus thrombosis (red arrows)
 60-year-old female with swelling in upper arm. MRI was done on 1.5 T Siemen's machine. Coronal T1WI showing large lobulated lesion which is hypointense in signal intensity.
 OPG showing multiocular radiolucency in the mandibular left molar-ramus area and discontinuity of the lower border (August 2012).
 The retina to retina transverse diameter of the eye measured by computed tomography.
 Protocol B CT image. Presence of staircase artefacts at the frontal and right temporal bone and at the medial orbital margin. The artefacts can be seen at the bone-soft tissue interface
 Thoracic CT scanning 3 weeks after balloon angioplasty showing patency of descending thoracic aorta with no post-dilatational aneurysm formation (white arrow).
 Quantification of muscle thickness and pennation angle on the UBM image.UBM image showing muscle details and the traces used to quantify the muscle thickness (MT) and pennation angle (PA) of the lateral gastrocnemius muscle.
 The characteristics of B line
 Hepatic lesion at prenatal ultrasound.
 Radiographic image of the right shoulder in anteroposterior view showing fracture of the proximal third of the humerus: note medial displacement of the humeral metaphysis.
 MRI brain 5 months after presentation.
 ERCP, multiple choledochal stones
 18F-fluoro-l-dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography scan showing the two phaechromocytoma at right suprarenal region with increased uptake
 Evidence of a type I-III type magnetic domain (red dashed rectangle) in a large 12 × 12 μm 2 rectangular microstructure which often appears at the edge of the microstructure. The field of view is 10 μm and only a section of the microstructure is shown.
 T1-weighted fat saturation sequence after intravenous gadolinium chelate administration reveals strong contrast enhancement of the tumor. We note the skip lesion in the talus as a low signal mass with peripheral enhancement.
 Abdominal CT angiogram revealing retroperitoneal hemorrhage in the perivesical space (arrows).
 Postprocedural MRI at 72 h after therapy: Patient 2, dynamic T1-weighted imaging. Ablation sites are depicted as non-perfusing regions (arrowheads) in segments II and III.
 Ultrasound revealed calculus in relation to ileum with suspicion of air in gallbladder fossa.
 Gray-scale US image demonstrating echogenic thrombus in IVC (arrow).
 Lower right second molar has been root canal treated. Gutta percha up to 3mm is removed from the canal orifices.
 Enlarged lymph nodes in a patient with lymphoma (arrows)
 Characteristic appearance at angiogram of a middle cranial fossa meningioma with extensive arterial supply from a left middle meningeal artery
 Transverse ultrasonography shows the common duct dilated with protein plugs
 Cystogram demonstrating urethrovaginal fistula
 Chest plain film of a woman with capsule calcification (arrowheads) adjacent to the implant. Many augmented patients develop capsular contracture
 Two-dimensional echocardiogram showing an echogenic mass measuring 53 × 30 mm2, arising from the interatrial septum and anterior leaflet of mitral valve.
 Intraoral periapical showed a radiopaque mass surrounded by a radiolucent area
 Cranial CT scan showing diffuse subarachnoid hemorrhage (inferior white arrow), frontal left intraparenchymatous hematoma (superior white arrow), intraventricular hemorrhage (inferior black arrow) and nodular slightly hyperdense image with peripheral calcifications on anterior communicating artery topography, suggestive of giant aneurysm (superior black arrow).
 Chest X-ray (case one). Showing implanted BiVAD.
 A chest radiograph performed after intubation.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram of apical four-chamber view showing severe tricuspid regurgitation and trivial mitral regurgitation.
 A computed tomographic angiogram (CTA) of the lower limbs, with coronal maximum intensity projection (MIP) reformat, highlighting the gracilis muscle and its major and minor arterial muscular pedicles.On the left, one major (green) and one minor (purple) pedicle can be seen and on the right, one major (green) and two minor (purple) pedicles. (Right thigh ‘3 territory’ flap and left ‘two territory’ flap).
 Intraoperative lateral Image.
 Adrenal metastasis
 Axial nonenhanced CT chest. Air-blood level in the superior pulmonary vein and ascending aorta post biopsy.
 Coronary angiogram displaying deployment of 4.0 mm × 12 mm PROMOS stent to the LM on right anterior oblique caudal view
 Transverse color Doppler sonogram of a nodule in the right thyroid lobe which was proven to be follicular thyroid carcinoma (outlined). The nodule showed both peripheral (arrows) and central (arrowheads) vascularity. SCM, sternocleidomastoid muscle; CCA, common carotid artery; IJV, internal jugular vein.
 The coronal CT scan demonstrates a very large mixed tumor in the right maxillary sinus. Notice to the size of the lesion and extending to eye floor and wall of the nose
 The picture shows application of a Harrington rod through an entry point at the intercondylar notch in order to function as an impactor for nail removal.
 MRI brain (transversal) reveals obstructive hydrocephalus caused by an enhancing pineal gland mass (large arrow) and leptomeningeal carcinomatosis (LC) (small arrow).
 Ultrasonography image showing right eye and homogeneously hypoechoic mass (arrow) in right temporal fossa region
  Cervical backbone magnetic resonance image after irradiation therapy and adjunctive chemotherapy. Her spinal cord compression is shown to have disappeared and the intrapharengeal lumen is free of plasmacytoma.
 Inflammation of the aortic wall in 18FDGPET/CT examination.
 The animated GIF produced by Microsoft® GIF Animator.
 MRI picture showing septated biliary cystadenoma with nodule.
 Axial T1-WI demonstrating 20 × 25 × 30 mm intensely enhancing fourth ventricular tumor with obstructive hydrocephalus.
 Contrast injection in left ureteral stump (arrowhead) showing extravasation in left common iliac artery (arrow).
 MRI demonstrating synovial cyst
 Extensive gas within the portal venous system.
 In vivo experimental results: (a) shows the mouse MR image (tumor labeled) in the experiment group before treatment. (b) presents the temperature curves of experimental group tumors during the hyperthermia treatment. Based on the graph, the temperature of the tumor center has dramatically elevated from around the room temperature to about 40oC within the first 5 minutes, then temperature maintains in between 40oC to 50oC. The entire hyperthermia treatment took approximately 20 minutes.
 Intestinal transit after serial transverse enteroplasty with 80 cm of bowel length.
 Computed tomography. A mass sized approximately 11.2×9.0cm was detected by computed tomography in the posterior vaginal wall.
 Line mark the lateral osteotomy nasal bone thickness.
 Coronal T2-Weighted magnetic resonance image demonstrating downward pointing frontal horns (black arrow) of the lateral ventricles
 Magnetic resonance imaging at the level of the internal auditory meatus, showing bilateral mass lesions (highlighted by arrows)
 Plain abdominal roentgenogram showing dilated loops of bowel with extensive intramural gas
 (a) Recorded frame with six mosquitoes present. The mosquito images are small compared with the whole image size, as illustrated by the close up of a mosquito image shown in the insert (top left). (b) The binarized image of (a) after sequential frame subtraction and initial filtering. Human movement around the lower abdomen, where the hands were resting, was picked up by the algorithm and subsequently removed. The centre positions of five out of the six mosquitoes are denoted by the dots in (b), the 6th mosquito, denoted by the rectangular box, is immobile on the bednet.
 Axial MRI scan of the right hip of a participant of the soccer group. The alpha angle is formed by the connecting lines (yellow lines) between the longitudinal mid-axis of the femoral neck and the axis which marked the point first exceeded the radius of the cartilage-covered femoral head. The alpha angle was 76.8° in this example.
 The splenic artery aneurysm as seen on ultrasound scan
 Sagittal reformatted computed tomography shows collapse of L5, as well as previous laminectomy.
 CT scan showing transition point of dilated bowel lying adjacent to the neobladder.
 Postoperative esophagography using Gastrografin, which revealed no reflux in a head-down-tilted position
 Image capture from CT fluoroscopy: the needle has been retracted and removed. The high-density methylene blue/blood track to the pleural surface can be identified.
 5 Mar 2002Thousands of sliver icebergs and a large light blue area of very finely floating ice remain where the shelf formerly lay. Brownish streaks within the floating chunks indicate debris exposed from the former underside and interior of the shelf.
 Preoperative orthopantomography showing the deficient height in the posterior maxilla
 Upper gastrointestinal series with gastrograffin reveals the hematoma compressing the second portion of the duodenum and the partial passage of gastrograffin via a near-totally occluded duodenal lumen without leakage outside.
 TEM bright field image of Ni-Ti alloy thin films.
  Transverse CT image of 27-year-old man with complicated appendicitis. Appendicolithiasis was observed with involvement of combined fascial plane.
 Skull radiograph (lateral view) taken after 6 months of follow up shows complete resolution of the lytic lesion
  Measuring the length of the CFL. Traced line between the distal point of origin of the fibula and the point of insertion of the ligament on the calcaneus to calculate the CFL length.
 3D rendering (coronal view) of an exemplary result of the automatic pancreatic segmentation
 Iris-related parameters as measured by ASOCT.A = iris cross-sectional area; RICe = radius of iris centroid; SSL = scleral spur landmark; PR = pupillary radius; AISL = anterior iris surface length; SSL-to-PM = scleral spur landmark to pupillary margin.
 Postoperative image showing successful bleeding control and no further bleeding.
 The spatial variation of the magnitude of the electric field around the realistic ventricular slice geometry. Note that the color bar maximum was lowered from its theoretical maximum (10 V/cm) to 5 V/cm in order to highlight the regions of field concentration.
 Bilateral diffuse fibrous changes and reticulonodular opacities in chest tomogram.
 Orthopantomogram
 Features suggestive of chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis in different patients. (A) Spared pulmonary lobules are visible within non-fibrotic lung bilaterally (arrows); background fibrosis is evidenced by peripheral reticulation and traction bronchiectasis (black arrowheads). (B,C) A predilection towards bronchocentricity of the fibrosis in the upper lobes is evident on axial (arrowheads) and coronal (arrows) images. (D) An upper and midzone predominance to the fibrosis, characterised by reticulation and traction bronchiectasis, is seen on a coronal CT. Incidentally, volume loss in the right lung is noticeable by slight tenting and elevation of the right hemidiaphragm (arrow). (E) A UIP pattern with honeycomb cysts is visible in the left midzone of the lung (arrowhead) in a 74-year-old male ex-smoker. A surgical biopsy performed a few years before this CT had demonstrated findings compatible with fibrotic hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
 Bone reconstruction in 3D that shows a syringomyelia from D4 to D7; terminal myelocystocele (D10); agenesis of D11, D12, lumbar vertebrae, sacrum and coccyx; contiguous appearance of kidneys without prevertebral parenchymal bridge
 Radiographie thoracique de face montrant une opacité basale paracardiaque droite se confondant avec le diaphragme
 Three-year follow-up axial T1-weighted MRI scan demonstrating the durability of the adipofascial flap entering the right maxillary sinus though the prior Caldwell-Luc and then coursing posteriorly to the clivus without evidence of sinusitis.
 Postcontrast T1WI shows same findings as in figure number 10 but less extensive.
 Scanner abdominal C(+), montrant l'image typique du boudin d'invagination
 Voiding cystourethrogram after treatment of severe pyelonephritis showing Grade 5 right vesicoureteral reflux and grade 4 left vesicoureteral reflux.
 T1-weighted brain MRI showing symmetric hyperintensities in globus pallidus
 A plain abdominal X-ray (in decubitus) revealed a prominent sentinel loop.
 A right hip fluoroscopic image with needle in place, showing spread of contrast within joint capsule. Contrast spread is apparent from the base of the femoral neck and around joint.
 Anteroposterior X-ray of the left hip joint showing an antibiotic-loaded cement hip spacer with a titanium endoskeleton acting as a hemiarthroplasty.
 Parasternal long axis view showing double left atrium (arrow).
 On April 10th 2013, the chest radiograph showed the two pulmonary diffuse ground glass opacities, with a degree of fusion into nodules.
 Chest radiography of the patient. Dextrocardia and a right subphrenic gastric bubble are evident.
 Prosternum and pronotal hypomeron. Scale bar = 0.7 mm.
 Preoperative anteroposterior X-ray of the right knee.
 Rapidly progressing 9-year old female MPS VI patient: radiograph of hip showing dysplastic femoral head and severe hip dysplasia.
 Plain radiograph of the femur with narrow diaphysis and widened metaphysis, resulting in an "Erlenmeyer flask"-shaped appearance.
 Axial non-contrast CT image showing typical “key-hole” appearance of cisterna magna communicating with a dilated 4th ventricle (star).
 X-rays of sacroiliac joints and lumbar spine. Show partial fusion of the bilateral sacroiliac joints, lumbar spine syndesmophytes, and fusion of the posterior spinous processes known as `bamboo spine.
 Satisfactory bone consolidation, no osteolysis at the junction.
 Axial computed tomography scan demonstrating right colon and right liver lobe in the right chest cavity with compression of the lung parenchyma
 Transesophageal echocardiography image demonstrating the anterior-posterior bicuspid aortic valve.
 Lateral radiograph on admission, showing a facet fracture of C5 (white arrow).
 Demonstrations of image quality difference in conventional CT-guidance for spinal interventions (left) and low-dose CT (right).
 Chest skiagram (AP view) of the patient showing pulmonary oedema
 MRI demonstrating penetration of the scull and impression of the sagittal sinus
 The x-ray image showing the tumor regression conditions before each of the 2–5 treatment fractions of NBT
 Right ankle MRI coronal view demonstrating bone marrow oedema in the medial malleolus and medial body of talus.
 MRI coronal section is showing suprasellar RCC
 Intraoral periapical radiograph of 47 after 7 days
 Contrast enhanced CT scan showing hepatomegaly and a large hypodense lesion in the liver.
 Right-sided sacroiliitis persisting 1 month after diagnosis.
 ARDS on postoperative day 7.
 A 16-year old patient after a Fontan procedure, who was implanted with a DDDR pacemaker due to a 3rd degree atrioventricular block (an endocavitary atrial electrode and an epicardial ventricular electrode)
 MRI imaging in the short axis. Posterior and posterolateral late gadolinium enhancement in the subepicardial region in with acute myopericarditis (Patient 1)
 CT showing small bowel on the dome and anterior bladder wall.
 Brain MRI that showing signs of recent infarct with diffuse swelling and gyral enhancement in the right hemisphere. Recent infarct in the left frontal and occipital lobes is also seen. MRI = magnetic resonance imaging.
 CT-scan of the liver preoperative.
 Lateral spine radiograph. Note vertebral sclerosis resulting in “sandwich vertebrae appearance’’
 Chronic pyelonephritis with reduced kidney size and focal cortical thinning. Measurement of kidney length on the US image is illustrated by ‘+’ and a dashed line.
 Figure from Bird et al., 2004, showing the lesion site of a patient with anterior cingulate damage who did not show theory of mind impairments. Peak activation foci related to theory of mind from ten different neuroimaging studies are shown (boxes) superimposed onto the lesion site. The figure shows that a lesion in the region of the anterior cingulate activated by theory of mind tasks does not cause impairments on these tasks (reprinted with permission from [57]).
 Presentation of gastric cancer by EUS.
 CT images: a displaced descending aorta (AO) constricting the left atrium (LA) is revealed.
 Arthroscopic view from a posterior portal showing a type III SLAP lesion.
 The line on this lateral radiograph of the knee follows the lateral tibial spine distally along the posterior aspect of the tibia. The middle third of the fibula should be localized over this line.
 Intussusception in a 2-year-old boy who underwent imaging 6 h after their presentation. The plain film indicates a paucity of bowel gas
  Chest x-ray of 3 year old girl showing thoracic NBL. Note erosions of the posterior 3 rd and 4 th ribs indicating a posterior mediastinal mass.
 Advancement of the catheter along the Guidewire in the brachiocephalic artery and aorta.
 PET/CT showing FDG-avid lesion 19 × 14 mm in the left mammary gland
 Parasternal shortaxis view showing the anomalous right pulmonary artery arising from the aorta and the normal left pulmonary branch from the main pulmonary artery.
 TC de tórax realizada quatro semanas após a admissão, mostrando resolução completa dos achados anteriores.
  Left ventriculography in a right anterior oblique view demonstrating a filling defect within the left ventricular apex suggestive of an apical thrombus.
  Case 2: Non- contrast CT (coronal reformatted image) after the first ablation session. The retractable hooks do not reach the chest wall.
 Paranasal computerized tomography revealing pansinusitis.
 Axial mammography shows a subcutaneous oval mass with a smooth and sharp margin on the right breast, and another smaller lesion with a less well-defined margin is seen adjacent to the main lesion.
 Anterior urethral diverticulum in a 5-year-old male child. An oblique VCUG image reveals a large diverticulum arising from the ventral surface of the penile urethra. Note the prominent anterior as well as posterior lips (arrows). The diverticulum caused external compression of the penile urethra, leading to a poor urinary stream
 Location of the electrode. MRI scan showing the trajectory and tip of the DBS electrode within the Nucleus accumbens.
 Coronal ultrasound view at the time of infiltration. The arrow indicates the needle at the time of infiltration.
 3-Tesla Cardiac Magnetic Resonance-Steady State Free Precession (SSFP) image on vertical long axis of the left ventricle: a giant capsulated intrapericardial mass is detectable (arrows), placed between the left ventricle and left atrium, with stratified calcific shells inside and an internal layer of a thick organized thrombus containing a central area of turbulent blood flow. Right atrium is morphologically grossly altered due to the extracardiac deformation.
 An example of stage 3 according to the method of Baccetti et al.
 Ultrasound of left side of scrotum demonstrated normal left testis and epididymis with normal appearing skin.
 Third abdominal ultrasound (cat). Performed 4 months post-surgery, evidences a focal asymmetric hypoechoic thickening with loss of normal layering of the jejunal wall
 CT scan of abdomen – postoperative 17 months, compared with Fig 1. No local recurrence or metastatic lesion is identified.
 Computed tomography–guided drain placement of pyogenic liver abscess with.A catheter was placed in the space-occupying lesion seen above by ultrasound and magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography. This yielded purulent fluid. A drain was placed, which can be seen traversing the abdominal wall in the region occupied by the pyogenic liver abscess.
 CT on abdomen showed complicated fluid collection with a small amount of air bubble (arrow) around the operation site.
 Abdominal CT scan; well limited hypogastric mass (gossypiboma) with hydro aeric content and rares calicifications andhyperdense structure coresponding to a radiopaque marquer
 Trans-oesophageal echocardiographic (TOE) image of the left atrial myxoma obstructing the mitral valve. The two chamber view shows the tumor prolapsing through & obstructing the mitral valve in diastole (LA: left atrium, LV: left ventricle).
 Neck-Shaft angle. Using an anteroposterior radiograph, the humeral neck/shaft angle was determined by the intersection of a line drawn on the central axis of the humeral shaft (A) with a line C drawn perpendicular to the anatomical neck (B) of the humerus
 Axial view of the chest, mediastinal windowing.Haematomas in the thorax. The exiting of contrast medium from the aortic root can be very well depicted (white arrow). Autposy later confirmed suture insufficiency of the aortic root.
 Five months following transplantation: a CT section through the pelvis during IV contrast enhancement demonstrating the grafted kidney in the right iliac fossa with a loop of dilated small bowel present. There is an area of peritoneal thickening present in the left iliac fossa.
 Abdominal ultrasound shows a well-defined hypoechogenic lesion.
 Echocardiography showed characteristic kinetic disturbances in the apical heart region.
 Chest X-ray (AP view) displaying cardiomegaly, increased vascular markings, and right lower lobe consolidation.
 Abdominal computed tomography showing distended stomach with large amounts of gastric content in spite of 4 hours of fasting prior to the scan
 Low signal intensities on coronal T2W image suggests melanocytic cell deposits in the bilateral thalami.
 Preoperative enhanced chest and abdominal computed tomography (CT) scans.The chest CT shows a diaphragmatic hernia. The small intestines have herniated into the left thoracic space through a left posterior diaphragmatic defect.
 Occlusal radiograph taken at the end of maxillary transverse distraction. Note the large diastemma that has been produced in the midline
 Chest X-ray showing bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy in a patient with sarcoidosis.
 Final Obturation of the mandibular left first molar tooth in the patient in the case report
 Plain abdominal radiograph.
 Three dimensional reconstruction of computed tomography shows the fibromuscular membrane dividing the left atrium into two distinct chambers.
 Approaches to lumbar spine can be broadly divided into anterior (red arrow) and posterior (blue arrow). Axial magnetic resonance imaging also demonstrating extreme lateral access (black arrow) and transforaminal (green arrow) approaches.
 CT image showing thin guide-wire placement (Accura™ II breast localization needle) from buttock to posterior wall of the mid pouch.
 Angiogram showing successful coils embolization of the feeding vessel through celiac axis with no residual leak from the aneurysm.
 Contrast-enhanced coronal CT s.
 Abdominal CT scan revealed: multiple diverticula of the small bowel (arrow), thickening of the jejunum due to diverticulitis, and elevation of density of the jejunal mesentery that contained extraluminal air (arrowhead). Findings are suggestive of perforated jejunal diverticulitis.
 Postoperative radiographs. Three separated root canals were filled with gutta-percha and sealer
 Chest X-ray showing bilateral upper zone opacities
 Invasive cancer of left breast. This subtraction image obtained 1 minute after application of contrast agent illustrates advanced cancer with adjacent vessel that directly feeds tumor through pectoral wall. This is example of true positive adjacent vessel sign.
 X-ray 01-2008.
 B scan picture taken on Day 35 showing a larger mass
 IVU showing double ureter on the right side.
 IVU, shell injury of left upper ureter, contrast pass into drain tube
 Orthopantogram.
 Radiograph showing air (arrow) in the retroperitoneal space.
 Colour Doppler image demonstrating turbulent flow creating a mosaic pattern.
 Conventional hip X-rays. Showing a conventional hip X-rays with existing infection with loosening of the implant (long bolt) and periarticular ossifications (short bolt)
 Transthoracic echocardiogram showing a cardiac papillary fibroelastoma on the aortic valve (marked).
 Brown tumor of hyperparathyroidism. A 42-year-old female with history of parathyroid adenoma. Focused AP radiograph of the humerus shows multiple well-defined lytic lesions (arrows) in the right humeral shaft
 Midsagittal T2‐weighted MR image of a normal corpus callosum.
 Curved multiplanar reconstruction of the LAD (white arrowheads) using an image acquired with the double dose steady state injection protocol. The LAD can be followed from the proximal (right) to the distal segment (left), and is seen wrapping around the apex of the left ventricle (far left)
 Chest CT without contrast: consolidative changes of lower lobes.
 Shows 45° oblique view of the ribs (fractures of the 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th rib).
 After the surgical correction of ALCAPA. Coronariograms revealed LCA arising from the AAO and well-established collateral vessels between LCA and RCA
 OCT assessment of stent, lumen, and tissue protrusion area. OCT shows tissue protrusions within the stent (arrows). The tissue protrusion area is calculated as the stent area minus the intrastent lumen area. Outer circle with dots (area B)=stent; inner circle with dots (area A)=intrastent lumen; asterisk=guidewire shadow. OCT, optical coherence tomography.
 T2 weighted image showing medial temporal lobe gray matter (ROI 1& 2) and hippocampus (ROI 3 & 4)
 A stent-graft infection with abscess within the psoas muscle and skin fistula.
 Volume-rendered 3D CT angiography image better depicting large mesenteric collateral Arc of Riolan (arrow).
 3D TOF MRA of the posterior circulation reveals dolichoectatic left vertebral artery with redundancy to the right (arrow).Note: Hypoplasia of the right vertebral artery is noted (arrow head).Abbreviations: 3D, three dimensional; MRA, magnetic resonance angiogram; TOF, time of flight.
 Computed tomographic angiogram findings with bilateral popliteal artery entrapment syndrome.
 Lipoma arborescens in a 17-year-old man. Axial gradient echo MRI shows the characteristic frond-like pattern.
 Pulmonary lesion under fluoroscopy with biopsy forceps.
 Two-dimensional transvaginal uterine (UT) ultrasound on longitudinal plane showing the communication (arrow) of the hematoma (HM) with the endometrial cavity (EC).
 MRI of the pelvis: pubic symphysitis with inflammatory aspect of the major adductor muscles and thickening of the prepubic soft tissues
 Pelvis radiograph showing minimal narrowing of pelvic outlet and mild grade coxa vara (arrow).
 Longitudinal USG of the neck shows an enlarged sternocleidomastoid muscle with heterogenous echotexture (arrow)
 Angiogram in the same projections as 2a immediately following stent implantation
 Biliary cystadenoma. Contrast-enhanced CT portal phase demonstrates cystic lesion with fine internal septa intermingled with foci of calcification.
 IRM cérébrale en coupe axiale séquence pondérée T2, montrant une lésion frontale gauche en hyper et hypo signal de 2,2/2,5cm
 Non-contrast-enhanced CT. There are 2 left adrenal masses (arrows) with attenuation values of 0 HU and −6 HU in keeping with benign adrenal adenomas. The patient has remained under CT surveillance and the adenomas remain unchanged after 2 years.
 Fluoroscopic image. Dilation of the pancreaticogastrostomy tract with 6 mm balloon
  One-year follow-up lateral view X-ray showing appropriate reduction and internal fixation.
 Abdominal computed tomography shows a dilated and filled small intestine enveloped by a thickened membrane ( arrow ).
 X-ray examination showing the enormous dilatation and complete occlusion of the sigmoid.
 Mammographie cliché de profil du sein gauche
 Figure 1: CT scan abdomen showing a large heterogeneous retroperitoneal mass with foci of calcification.
 Coronal CT showing a hypodense lesion, containing irregular hyperdense areas in its inside, associated with the expansion of the vestibular cortical bone and the resorption of the cortical bone of the alveolar process.
 Longitudinal ultrasound image depicting a cystic lesion posterior to urinary bladder with low level echoes and communication with endometrial cavity through the cervix.
 Sagittal T2-weighted MR image reveals tear in the anterior horn of lateral meniscus that appears globular signal of increased intensity extending to superior and inferior articular surfaces. (arrow) The tear was not recognized at arthroscopy performed 7 days after MR imaging and therefore constituting a false-positive diagnosis at MR.
 Affected intraglandular parotid lymph nodes in lymphocytic leukemia
 Brain MRI: cortical changes which were usually seen due to hypoglycemia.
 Extremely dense breast in a lactating women.
 This is a picture of renal ultrasound. It shows echo-dense area in the renal area, suggestive of a renal tumour.
 Sagittal section of lumbo-sacral spine showing low lying spinal cord with focal myelitis at L2-S1 level
 Exudation in the intrascleral cavity (white arrowhead) is usually formed by blood clot, which will decrease the aqueous outflow
 Angiographic view of the left subclavian artery showed no area of contrast blush of a possible perforation
 Axial T2 STIR, right wrist, demonstrating empty second dorsal extensor compartment (arrow).
 Right renal tumor with renal vein thrombus extending to the inferior vena cava
 The representative expression of the tumor at arterial phase of CT scans in patients with HBV-associated ICC with abundant blood supply. Shown is the representative HBV-associated ICC with abundant blood supply to the tumor. Obvious enhancement was found within and around the tumor (Middle left side) at arterial phase of CT scans in patients with HBV-associated ICC with abundant bloody supply to the tumor.
 Coronal STIR Sequence shows abnormal bright signal in the femoral head, neck, ilium, Right Gluteus & Right adductor muscles. Right extensive subcutaneous edema.
 A radiograph of the left lateral forearm also shows marked bony demineralization. There are fractures at various stages of healing, as evidenced by callous formation at an old fracture (small arrow) and by sharp margins at an acute fracture (large arrow).
 Abdominal computed tomography (CT) reveals a mass measuring 40 mm in diameter along the rectal wall and extending into the pelvis (arrow).
 Postoperative OPG showing completely enucleated cystic lesions with extraction of associated teeth
 Spiral 64-slice CT scan obtained following intravenous contrast (100 mL Iohexol) in portovenous phase demonstrates marked, homogenous bilateral adrenal gland enlargement with no evidence of disease elsewhere.
 Computer tomography chest of the patient showing hugely dilated aortic root
 52 year old man presenting with acute chest pain.Contrast enhanced CTA showed a type-b aortic dissection.
 Aspect échographique d'un épanchement liquidien anéchogène pré achilléen en rapport avec une bursite pré achilléenne (flèche jaune) associée à une rupture des fibres antérieures du tendon d'Achille (flèche orange)
 Abnormal fistulae were detected by vascular ultrasound between the matured cephalic vein and the radial vein where blood shunt existed.
 Chest X-ray at day of admission.
 Control of chest-x-ray after cast rejection revealed complete left lung aeration.
 Stage IV rectal gist found on CT of the Abdomen and Pelvis with a small right pulmonary nodule suggestive of metastases to the lung.
 Normal anatomy of the hepatic artery in an 1-year-old girl. Oblique axial maximum intensity projection image shows the right hepatic artery (RHA), left hepatic artery (LHA), splenic artery (SA), and left gastric artery (LGA). Two middle hepatic arteries (arrows) arise from the right hepatic artery.
 Left pleural effusion.
 Axial FLAIR sequence magnetic resonance image of brain at admission. There are hyperintense multifocal lesions in the deep grey nuclei, subcortical white matter and cortex.
 Case 5. Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image showing miliary punctate enhancement at the centrum semiovale and at the cortico-subcortical junction (arrows).
 Radiograph of 21 (tooth no. 9) showing root canal disinfected with calcium hydroxide dressing
 Sagittal T2 weighted pelvic MRI images
 TDM du massif facial (coupe axiale): mucocèle ethmoïdo-frontale droite avec extension orbitaire
 A well-defined mass at the neck of pancreas as seen by endoscopic ultrasound
 Echocardiographic assessments of EFT, defined as the echo-free space between the outer wall of the myocardium and the visceral layer of the pericardium, were measured perpendicularly from the free wall of the right ventricle at end-systole in the parasternal long axis view
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography scan of multiple liver metastases.
 Solid, isoechogenic lesion, category: BIRADS-US 3 (histopathological verification – fibroadenoma)
 CT revealing multiplicity of findings in urinary TB-uneven caliectasis with no obvious pelvic dilatation, parenchymal scarring (black arrow), cavity communicating with PCS (white arrow), urothelial thickening and multiple ureteral strictures (black arrowheads)
 Sagittal 3D FLAIR MR image acquired at 1.5 Tesla (Siemens Avanto) showing a hyperintense lesion in the medulla oblongata (arrow). FLAIR = fluid attenuated inversion recovery.
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging examination demonstrates venous drainage of subcutaneous lipoma to the superior sagittal sinus
 Endosonographic view of a gallbladder that has been punctured with a 19 G endoscopic ultrasound-guided aspiration needle (Cook Endoscopy).
 Postoperative radiograph of the presented patient after implantation of the THRA.
 Coronal reformat computed tomography angiogram (CTA) demonstrated that the intradural right vertebral artery is completely occluded. While the right vertebral artery is completely occluded, there is also extension of partially occlusive thrombus cephalad into the proximal basilar artery at the vertebrobasilar junction (arrow).
 Apical 4-chamber view showing mitral valve (MV) and tricuspid valve (TV) regurgitations (demonstrated by the blue jets of retrograde flow on the Doppler study). Aortic and pulmonary valve regurgitations are not seen on this image.
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography image of the abdomen: 5.5 cm × 4.4 cm sized well encapsulated inhomogeneous mass (arrow heads) with central areas of necrosis in the upper pole of right kidney
 Transtrochanteric fracture of type III variant. Note the fracturing of the greater trochanter.
 Multiple projections reformatted maximum-intensity projection sagittal image reveals the stenotic segment of the mid-aorta which starts from the orifice of the celiac artery (arrow).
 Axial CT scans of lower T4 level shows an infiltrating epidural mass extended to the right T4-5 neural foramen which was widening and scalloping.
 Aspect radiographique de face post opératoire après réduction chirurgicale, stabilisée par des broches radio et scaphlunaire
 CT scan of patient's right hepatic tumor.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography 7 days after the initiation of anticoagulation therapy. The yellow arrow indicates reduced thrombosis
 MRI of brain showing cerebellar infarct
 Axial computed tomography image demonstrating heterogeneities in the body of L2 with tumoral epiduritis
 Axial diffusion magnetic resonance imaging results on Day 7. Note the multiple high-intensity areas of the leptomeninges, which are suggestive of severe inflammation (arrows).
 Chest-X-ray PA view revealing a large cavity in left upper lobe
 Probe based confocal laser endomicroscopy (pCLE) image of adenocarcinoma in Barrett’s oesophagus, demonstrating a pleomorphic irregular glandular structure.
 CT scanogram done to determine the limb length and other associated anomalies. There was no limb length discrepancy
 Known case of neurofibromatosis type I: Axial T2W fat-saturated images show multiple hyperintense lesions in the pelvis, with a few of them showing central hypointensity (arrow) suggestive of a ‘Target sign’
 TDM épaule: érosions et géodes, séquestres de la tête humérale
 Direct coronal computerized tomography showing vertex epidural hematoma
 Lateral radiograph showing dislocation of the ankle with complete injury of all syndesmotic ligaments and deltoid ligament.
 An abdominal transverse image from CECT for measuring the distance between the SMA and aorta where the duodenum passes. This is a transverse image of the patient shown in Figure 1. The distance between the SMA and aorta measured on this slice was 9 mm. CECT: contrast-enhanced computed tomography, SMA: superior mesenteric artery
 Abdominal computed tomography (CT) scan revealing a 3.6 × 2.7 cm mass (red arrow) involving the right adrenal gland.
 The abdominal X-ray with barite
 Brain MRI DWI: left occipital cortical restriction in DWI.
 Cranial MRI after surgical debridement
 An enormous mass occupying almost the entire abdomen on CT.
 Anterior-posterior hip X-rays in patient number 4 at preanticoagulation study entry. The right hip is Ficat stage II and the left hip is Ficat stage III.
 Four-chamber balanced steady state free precession image of the heart demonstrating the measurement of epicardial adipose tissue (blue) and paracardial adipose tissue (red) areas. SA, South Asian; WE, Western European. For colour image see online.
 Bipolar dislocation of fifth phalanx.
 Post-operative intra oral periapical radiograph
 Angiogram showing postangioplasty balloon dilatation
 CT scan (early excretory phase) showing leakage of contrast solution from the proximal urethra into the surrounding tissues (white arrow). This typifies a urethral injury with the intact bladder.
 An ultrasound image in greyscale mode. Abdominal probe. Placenta (P) on the anterior wall covers the uterine scar area and overlies the endocervical os. The boundary between myometrium and the placenta is not clear, the deformation of the uterine wall near the bladder (B) is observed. Lacunar spaces (L) of various size and irregular are present in the placenta
 Computed tomography with intravenous and oral contrast from case 2. Coronal section of the abdomen and pelvis. Arrow points to 14.0 × 9.8 × 10.8 cm heterogeneous mass in the right upper quadrant abutting the ascending colon and duodenum. Oral contrast is seen within the mass. The fat plane between the mass and the second segment of the duodenum is obscured
 Axial STIR 1.5T images of the same patient as in the 3T images of figure 2. The subtle bone marrow edema seen in the 3T images cannot reliably be seen in these 1.5T images.
 Orthopantomogram (OPG) showing a well-defined lytic lesion causing erosion of the alveolar process and mandibular bone. Floating tooth was also noted along the superior margin of the lesion
 Abdominal CT showed right renal mass, suggestive of RCC at the first visit.
 Coupe transversale échographique, d'une structure arrondie bien limitée, de 8 mm de diamètre, à contenu hétérogène hyperéchogène, sur la région de la fosse iliaque droite (Parasitose intestinale)
 OTP (11 years 3 months) showing agenesis of the upper lateral incisors, taurodontism of the molars, and microdontia with crown hypoplasia of the upper central incisors and congenital missing 18 and 28 in patient 2.
 Full deployment of stent-in-stent with perfect distal positioning is confirmed.
 Ultrasonography showing subcutaneous fluid collection in the anterior aspect of the left arm root.
 Abdominal MRI, T2-weighted image, axial plane, 4-weeks after initial MRI. Progression of the disease with uncountable multifocal epithelioid hemangioendothelioma lesions.
 The sagittal ultrasound image shows heterogeneous hypoechoic lesions compatible with subperiosteal abscess (red arrow).
 The FN (delineated by white arrows) is shown at its junction with the SN (SWI, 2 mm).
 Immediate postoperative transocular orbital view confirmed the positioning of the implanted device.
 Radiographic failure in the form of internal resorption seen with turmeric pulpotomy
 Radionuclide bone scan showing markedly increased uptake affecting the left femur.
 Transthoracic Echocardiography with image suggestive of left atrial myxoma. LV: left ventricle; LA: left atrium.
 Brain MRI showing multiple juxtacortical lesions.
 Blue arrow heads show filling defects in both main pulmonary arteries in computerized tomographic angiography of the thorax.
 Lateral X-ray three months after patellar tendon repair showing marked progression of HO.
 X-ray of hands: The destructive form of psoriatic arthritis (arthritis mutilans). Numerous destructive changes in joints of both hands. Ankylosis of the right wrist. Typical for PsA changes called “pencil-in-cup” involving metacarpophalangeal joints.
 3D coronal CT of the ankle and hid foot showed significant talocalcaneal coalition.
 CT image of pelvis showing edema of right gluteal muscles depicted by yellow arrow.
 CT finding at the level of the lower thorax demonstrating normal right (arrow) and absent left hemidiaphragm and loops of bowel in left thorax.
 Intra-oral radiograph indicating the crown margins in relation to the cemento-enamel junction.
 Maxillary true occlusal radiograph showing expansion of buccal cortical plate in region of 23, 24, 25 and 26
 Chest X-ray at admission, showing a hypertransparent area in the upper mediastinum.
 18-year-old woman with Sertoli-Leydig cell tumor.A predominantly solid mass contains little cystic areas (black arrows) in the right pelvic cavity. The tumor shows heterogeneous mild to moderate enhancement on post-contrast scan. Little ascites is also detected (white arrow).
 T-2 weighted image for the brain, showing a fairly deep located bright AML lesion.
 Parasternal long axis view by transthoracic echocardiography. Segmental analysis of the mitral valve. AV: aortic valve, LA: left atrium, LV: left ventricle, RV: right ventricle, VS: ventricular septum (see also Fig. 5).
 Osteoid osteoma of the tibia. Postprocedure T1W axial MRI shows the zone of ablation (arrow) surrounding the ablated nidus (arrowhead)
 Case II. Congenital Elevation of Scapula, Bilateral.
 Contrast study after stent removal: no leakage of contrast is seen and a small outpouching is seen at site of perforation (arrow).
 Horseshoe kidney with fibrous isthmus. Axial T1W image showing the thin hypointense fibrous isthmus (white arrow) connecting the lower poles of both kidneys
 Pre-operative high resolution CT scan, showing the massive bulla (17 × 12 cm) of the left upper lobe with compression of the remaining lung parenchyma
 Subacromial bursitis in MRI, T1 TSE FS CM
 Echocardiography of a complex transposition with a ventricular septal defect and pulmonary stenosis.
 L'examen tomodensitometrique du rachis met en évidence une image lacunaire à contours denses, de la lame vertébrale droite de D11 faisant évoquer un ostéome ostéoïde
 Brain CT reveals an acute subdural hematoma of 10 mm thickness with midline shift of 15 mm in the right frontotemporoparietal region. A band of low density in the subdural hematoma is seen.
 Abdominal ultrasonography showing an oval hypoechoic formation arising from the base of the cecum and the hyperechoic formation in it.
 Rtg-aspect on admission (patent 1)
 Computed tomography revealed an inhomogeneous fatty mass in the left hemithorax with invasive features to the heart and left hemidiaphragm.
 Ultrasound-guided biopsy of a lump from a patient with implant, allowing monitoring at all times the progress of the tip of the needle.
 CT lumbar spine without contrast showing innumerable lytic lesions seen throughout the lumbar spine.
 Transverse grey scale sonogram in a patient with known breast carcinoma shows a well-defined, solid, homogeneous hypoechoic mass (arrows) occupying the right lobe of thyroid. FNAC confirmed a metastatic carcinoma. The curved arrow identifies the trachea and the asterisk marks the common carotid artery.
 Visualization of the pulmonary veins from the right atrium using a 5 MHz phased array intracardiac echocardiography transducer.
 Chest CT showing disease response. Staging CT scan after 4 weeks of crizotinib treatment showing disease response with improvement in mediastinal nodal disease, lung metastases, and re-canalization of the left main bronchus.
 CT guided hookwire localization and injection of blue dye priorto an excision biopsy of the lesion (solid white arrow)
 Venography shows femoral and popliteal vein thrombolysis and vessel patency 3 days after CDT via the small saphenous veins.
 The anteroposterior view of the contrast spread in the splanchnic nerve block
 Non-contrast computed tomography showing right ureteric calculus
 Computed tomography angiogram of our patient showing a giant splenic artery aneurysm. The computed tomography angiogram was taken with permission from our patient
 A brain computed tomography scan with an axial view demonstrating air density in the left frontal lobe and subdural hematoma on the left convexity.
 Finite element modeling of the upper pharyngeal jaw novelty in the cichlid Amatitlania nigrofasciata. A volume rendering of the fish, 6 days post fertilization, and associated musculature has been added to give spatial reference to the upper pharyngeal jaw. Small window The fish is shown slightly forward of the pectoral girdle, with one half cut away. Magnified area is outlined in white. Large window Muscles affecting pharyngeal jaw adduction are shown in red. The upper pharyngeal jaw is shown in blues and greens indicating various levels of von Mises stress. These types of models can determine the location, orientation, and magnitude of biomechanical signals during development. a retractor dorsalis; b transversus dorsalis posterior; c levator posterior; d upper pharyngeal jaw; e obliquus dorsalis; f levator internus lateralis; g levator externus 4; h transversus dorsalis anterior; i levator internus medialis
 Computed tomography scan showing diffuse cerebral atrophy along with thin corpus callosum
 A chest roentgenogram showed a ring-shaped pericardial calcification (arrows).
 The retrieval balloon was inserted over the guidewire.
 Magnetic Resonance Imaging (Brother). Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging showing normal cerebellum.
 Ultrasonographic picture of the parotid mass
 X-ray hands showing subperiosteal erosions and cystic lesions
 Cystourethrogram and vaginogram (lateral view)
 CT scan showing a 3.0 -cm mass of the parapharyngeal space in Case 2 .
 Chest X ray suggestive of right upper lobe pneumonia with significant deviation of the trachea (and the tracheal tube) to left. Tip of the tracheal tube (white arrow) is seen well above the carina (black arrow)
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan showing tumor embolus within the inferior vena cava.
 Celiac trunk at the emergence, suggesting possible persistence of median arcuate Ligament
 Meningioma arising from Sphenoid wing with melanoma metastasis within.
 Transesophageal echocardiogram with trans gastric view with contrast demonstrates the contrast filling in the inter-trabecular recesses within the ventricular cavity.
 Coronal pituitary magnetic resonance imaging T2W1 with contrast agent applied.
 Example of manual measurement.Example of manual measurement of MPA diameter performed on axial reconstructions of the same magnetic resonance angiography data used for 3D segmentation. Manual measurements were performed for comparison with automated measurements.
 CT image of the brain, axial view – There is a large expansile soft tissue mass centered within the left maxillary sinus with extensive osseous dehiscence. Tumor extends into the left orbital floor, nasal cavity, left nasopharynx, left pterygopalatine fossa, left premaxillary space, and left infratemporal fossa.
 Transthoracic 2D echocardiography in parasternal short axis view showing pseudoaneurysm. Arrows show neck of aneurysm, which is narrower than the maximal internal diameter of the aneurysm. (LVPW = Left ventricular posterior wall)
 Fused PET and CT components of PET-CT scan. Coronal view of fused co-registered PET and ex vivo CT data for patient number 4. Very good alignment between the two data sets can be observed by using the tracheostomy as a reference point
 Case 9. Dilatation of right side sylvian fissure is seen on pre-contrast T1WI.
 3 months follow up xray left shoulder.
 Final radiograph obtained at 6 months after implant placement.
 Strong Doppler signal was detected inside the lesion, signifying strong blood flow inside
 The narrowed brachiocephalic artery runs along and ventral to the tube (arrow). Although computed tomography detected no evidence of active bleeding, a tracheo-brachiocephalic artery fistula was suspected due to arterial bleeding.
 Image demonstrating a hyperextended distal interphalangeal joint and a small avulsion fragment (marked) held at the proximal interphalangeal joint.
 Rectal water contrast transvaginal ultrasonography image showing a rectal endometriotic nodule (arrow) with largest longitudinal diameter of 2.7 infiltrating the intestinal submucosa.
 Computed tomography of the chest shows eccentric calcification of a soft tissue mass in the lower lobe of the right lung.
 Immediate postoperative chest radiograph. Venovenous-type extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was applied due to respiratory failure attributable to severe lung laceration and massive hemorrhage.
 Antero-posterior (AP) cranial view showing post procedural TIMI III flow of left anterior descending (LAD) artery.
 Thickening and increased vascularity of the synovial membrane (synovitis) in the suprapatellar recess of the knee joint in US exam
 Occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery following intracoronary acethylcholine infusion (LAO 35, cranial 18) accompanied by ST-segment depression and T-wave inversion.
 Plain radiograph of the hip joint after surgery.
 Sagittal T2 weighted MRI with spinal cord compression from C2 to D2.
 A bone-like hard mass about 10 mm in size was palpable subcutaneously at the right preauricular area.
 The coronal CT image showed a pedicle (white arrow) from splenic hilum to the mass (M).
 First admission image with left chronic subdural effusion
 Chest X-ray on 13th postoperative day, showing right-sided hemothorax with chest tube placement.
 Lateral view X-ray showing double coin in upper esophagus.
 Axial fat sat T1-weighted MRI which showed ovoid shaped hyperintensity at right retrobulbar-extraconal region consistent with subperiostal haematoma.
 35-year-old female with right iliac fossa pain. Coronal reconstruction of contrast-enhanced CT images in the venous phase shows the pelvicalyceal system of the caudally placed kidney facing laterally. (Kvp: 120, mas: 100, 5 mm thickness, 60 ml of omnipaque intravenous contrast)
 Chest x-ray shows diffuse, bilateral infiltrates consistent with pulmonary edema.
 Intraoperative chest radiograph shows the curvature of the wire-reinforced tube facing rightward, instead of upward, but does not show the presence of bronchial intubation or pneumothorax.
 T2W axial section of the orbit. Patient details and date of scan are encircled in the top right-hand corner. The side marked LPF represents the left and the unmarked side denotes the right side. Imaging sequence and slice thickness is displayed as marked within the square box at the bottom left hand corner
 X-ray of hands. Note elongation of the metacarpals
 Contrast enhanced CT chest revealed a 12×9cm large highly vascular tumour with its attachments to anterior chest wall (arrow).
 Radiograph showing left femur enchondroma in a child with Ollier’s disease
 Garden III fracture. Postop AP.
 123I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scan showing increased uptake in the mid abdomen at the L2-L3 level.
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan performed upon admission demonstrated increased signal at the L1-L3 disc level and in the adjacent vertebral bodies concerning for discitis or osteomyelitis. A large anterior epidural abscess extends down from at least T10. Canal narrowing, which is highlighted, appears to be most severe at L4-L5 from disc bulge and epidural abscess.
 Thoracoabdominopelvic contrast-enhanced CT scan (coronal reconstruction image) demonstrating bilateral expansive lesions in the ovaries (double arrows). They are predominantly cystic, with a solid, hyper-enhancing component, suggesting a bilateral cystadenocarcinoma of the ovary. Endometrial hyperplasia (arrowheads) and ascites (thick arrows) are also seen.
 Axial CT image of 68-year-old man with spiculated mass lesion in right lower lobe. Sterile drape (arrow) was placed to support needle in proper angulation during biopsy. Biopsy revealed squamous cell carcinoma.
 Spectral domain optical coherence tomography line scan from five-line raster protocol through the optic disc and macula showing peripapillary and submacular fluid (arrows) in a middle-aged patient with blurred vision, headaches and nosebleeds. The patient had papilloedema associated with Waldenström's macroglobulinemia.
 Mental foramen in position 5 between the apices of the second premolar and the first molar mesial root on the right side and in position 6 at the mesial half of the first molar on the left side.
 CT scan: submucosal heterogeneous enhancing mass in the distal stomach, that produced a stricture of the gastric lumen. Black arrow shows the presence of linear radiopaque foreign body.
 Preoperative x-ray of the patient showing deeply impacted right third molar and radiolucency surrounding the tooth.
 Computed tomography showing a 7-cm complex PCL with multiple hepatic cystic lesions.
 Bilateral profuse small, relatively round, nonhomogenous opacity mainly in the upper and mid zone
 Neoadjuvant therapy with imatinib for 4 months: there was no evidence of mass lesion in stomach on computed tomography.
 CT chest (2008) shows complete disappearance of the mass after chemo
 Liver MRI with contrast medium (November 4, 2013). T1-weighted MRI in an axial plane; partial remission of liver metastases in segment III (arrows) after four cycles of second-line chemotherapy with mFOLFOX4 plus bevacizumab.
 Postcontrast magnetic resonance imaging brain axial image showing a well-defined peripheral ring enhancement with mild lobulation along the inferior surface
 A 57-year-old woman with a height of 155 cm, weight of 45 kg, and a preoperative hip flexion angle of 120°. a) Preoperative radiograph showing a high dislocation of the right hip due to congenital hip dislocation with a leg length (LL) discrepancy of 8.7 cm. The LL is 8 cm in the preoperative planning. b) Total hip arthroplasty is performed with 3.0 cm femoral osteotomy using an Exeter stem. Postoperative radiograph after 6.7 cm LL with a percentage of LL/body height of 4.32, which is beyond the expectation. She noticed a weakness in dorsal and plantar flexion and numbness of the tibial and peroneal territories of the sciatic nerve postoperatively. One year postoperatively, she had moderate numbness in the foot and severe motor palsy with a persistent foot drop, which required a molded ankle orthosis.
 Retrograde urethrography–2 months after catheter removal–showing urethral stricture after primary endoscopic alignment
 Coronal reformat better demonstrating the oblique, presacral course of the sinus tract along the piriformis (circle).
 Chest X-ray showing small nodules scattered in the right lung.
 Toracic AP x-rays presenting a 50% collapsed left lung, ipsilateral costodiafragmatic angle ausent and intestinal loops occupying the cavity.
 Chest radiograph at discharge showing improvement in infiltrates.
 This lateral (side view) two dimensional computed tomography (CT) study best documents fusion across the graft/vertebral body junctions both superiorly (above) and inferiorly (below). Fusion is confirmed by the absence of lucency (no dark line), and the presence of bony trabeculation spanning the graft/body interfaces. Also observe how well you can see the graft, screws, and plate
 Axial oriented maximum-intensity-projection image from CT angiography shows small left hemithorax, mediastinal shift and absence of the left main pulmonary artery with left hilar bronchial artery collaterals
 Computerized tomography scan of the local part revealed a large mass in the left nasal cavity, extending to the left maxillary antrum and the ethmoidal sinus
 Foreign body in the oesophagus visible in an anterior-posterior X-ray image of the chest
 Use of CT Scan to determine fracture configuration, size of bony comminution and bone stock; Coronal Section.
 EUS showing a 21.3 x 17.2 mm hypoechoic mass at the superior surface of the neck of pancreas.
 Case 3. Color Doppler examination conducted with a linear probe in a longitudinal view of the left internal jugular vein. The thrombus (asterisks) occludes the vein nearly completely; blood flow is detectable only on its periphery
 CT scan showing a gallstone that is completely obstructing the patient's duodenum.
 Oral and intravenous contrast abdominal multidetector CT scan showing infarction of the upper-medial part of the spleen and the adjacent gastric sleeve.
 A repeat angiography revealing improved angiographic appearance of her left main.
 Gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the abdomen at infrarenal level showing abdominal wall veins and absence of the inferior vena cava. AA, abdominal aorta
 Orbital computed tomography showing linear fracture of the inferior orbital wall with a slight dislocation of the orbital contents
 Chest CT scan of patient.
 T2-weighted axial magnetic resonance imaging scan showing a high-signal (fluid) cortical mass (arrows) with an irregular low-signal capsule. The collecting system is dilated (arrowheads).
 Follow-up noncontrast computed tomography of the left lower extremity demonstrated an intraluminal radiopaque density, which appeared to be within the left popliteal artery with no surrounding induration, hematoma, or bullet tract.
 Chest radiograph taken immediately after transfer to the intensive care unit. Diffuse bilateral pulmonary infiltration is shown in both lung fields.
 Acute placental abruption. Note the bulky heterogenous placenta (arrows) in this hypertensive, 29-weeks pregnant patient
 CT scan showing SCC of left native kidney with para-aortic nodes. The allograft is also seen.
 MRI imaging showing one left-sided periventricular lesion.
 Working length radiograph taken with tube shift (distal shift) technique
 A complete capsulotomy is seen with the capsular button free floating in the anterior chamber, while there is nearly no accumulation of gas in the fragmented lens. There are minimal subcapsular bubbles in the anterior chamber.
 A photograph of the 20-cm straight malleable penile prosthesis which was extracted from the patient's buttock.
 Echocardiogram showing poor ventricular function with a pericardial effusion and a mass adjacent to the left atrium.
 Computed tomographic image of neurolemmoma.
 Coronal plane, T1-weighted sequence before surgery showing the fused cervical vertebrae (big arrow). We also noted elevation of the right hemidiaphragm (small arrow) indicative of unilateral diaphragmatic paralysis.
 Axial computed tomography picture showing enlarged right condylar head
 Most recent PET-CT revealing no evidence of disease uptake.
 X-ray showing osteopetrosis with rickets
 AP radiograph of a 37-year-old patient 15 months after ORIF of a femoral head fracture with non-bridging Brooker I heterotopic ossification
 Aortography image reveals the aberrant arteries (arrow). The anomalous artery originates from the distal part of the thoracic aorta and supplies the blood circulation of the sequestrated lung tissue.
 Immediate postoperative X-ray showing ideal placement of a plate on the anterior surface of the humerus.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of right shoulder in a 70 year old patient at 7.6 years followup and Oxford shoulder score of 48
 Cholangiogram showed long segment (3–4 cm) distal to the CBD stricture with dilatation of mid and proximal CBD with dilated intrahepatics.
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing an inflammatory response in the breast, soft tissues and skin after the first cycle of docetaxel and trastuzumab therapy
 Postoperative weightbearing lateral radiograph of the left foot demonstrating joint-sparing stabilization of the first metatarsal cuneiform joint and Lisfranc joint fixation with a screw
 Figure 2: Chest X-ray. Post-operative spiral tack application
 Transesophageal echocardiography shows a primary cardiac mass without involvement of the inferior and superior vena cava. IVC: inferior vena cava, SVC: superior vena cava, RA: right atrium, LA: left atrium.
 MR angiography reveals hypovascularity and middle cerebral artery displacement
 Axial computed tomography scan demonstrating bilateral acute cerebellar hemorrhage.
 The apical four chamber view. Visible membranous structure connecting the bases of both leaflets of the mitral valve. Images obtained in parasternal views presenting the long axis of the left ventricle and the transverse ones generate doubts whether indeed this view demonstrates two different leaflets or whether a cross-section is obtained through different parts of the same mural mitral leaflet. This is the reason for the question mark next to the “#” symbol meaning the aortic leaflet. PP – right atrium, the remaining signs – as in the previous figures
 Ultrasound Doppler spectrum of fetal DV in the placenta previa group.
 Cardiac catheterization performed in June 2009 prior to undergoing TMR revealed a coronary flow reserve of 1.4 in the left anterior descending coronary artery.TMR: transmyocardial revascularization.
 Gradual reduction in posterior genital branch
 Erect chest X-ray confirming perforated visus.
 Pre-operative transoesophageal echocardiogram in the Left Ventricular Outflow Tract view. This appears to demonstrate an eccentric jet of aortic regurgitation (white arrow) from the posterior paraprosthetic margin of the aortic valve replacement.
 Computed tomography brain at admission showing thalamic and intraventricular bleed with hydrocephalus
 Noncontrast computer tomography of brain showed bilateral diffuse subarachnoid haemorrhage
 Chest x-rayArrows pointing towards cardiomegaly.
 A 36-year-old man with penetrating traumaNote: There is a small defect on the left hemidiaphragm (arrow) and herniation of the intra-abdominal fat to the left hemithorax on the coronal-reconstructed CT images.Abbreviation: CT, computed tomography.
 Pre operative OPG
 X-ray picture
 Stenosis of supraclinoid internal carotid vasculature with a proliferation of collateral vessels (Puffs of smoke appearance
 Axial T2 sequence. Periventricular leukomalacia, common in cerebral palsy. Note the bilateral, ex-vacuo dilatation around the posterior horns of the lateral ventricles (blue arrows), presumably due to loss of white matter (i.e. leukomalacia) after hypoxic damage. Regions lateral to the posterior horns (white arrows) are also thinned, presumably due to early hypoxic damage.
 Computed tomography scans of the mass. The arrow indicates the sternal metastasis.
 CT scan showing a big swab from the perineum into small pelvis to the right. Note that the swab (round mark) lies directly adjacent to the membranous urethra/transurethral catheter (arrow).
 Axial CT scan of the paranasal sinus with contrast revealed an expansion in the posterior aspect of the ethmoidal and sphenoidal sinus
 Cervical TC scan
 Pre-operative CT-scan. Incisional hernia containing the gallbladder (arrow) and digestive structure (star).
 Boundary line of the necrosis of the capital of the femur with a fat-like aspect, good remodelling of the femoral head, and morphologic normalization of the physes are shown in this follow up MRI.
 An ultrasonogram showing the soft-tissue lesion in the left bladder wall.
 Solid 32-mm right lower pole renal mass seen on computed tomography scan.
 MRI brain showing hyperintensity in the right optic nerve head.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram showing temporary pacing wire in the right ventricle
 Oblique coronal maximum intensity projection image from T1-weighted 3D gradient-echo MRI sequence obtained 60 minutes after interstitial administration of 5 µmol/kg gadofluorine M in VX2 tumor rabbit model. Metastases in right popliteal (arrowhead) and iliac (thick arrow) lymph nodes are demonstrated as filling defects. Lymphatic vessels (thin arrow) are also sharply delineated.
 Lateral cervical and thoracic radiograph of cat with large thyroid cyst (arrow) displacing cervical structures.
 Axial section CT pulmonary angiogram shows a pneumomediastinum (arrowhead).
 Echocardiogram. Parasternal, long-axis view of case 3, demonstrating the accessory papillary muscle just below the interventricular septum.
 Thin-section CT through the lower lung zones in a 43-yr-old woman with scrub typhus. There is thickening of the interlobular septa and small bilateral pleural effusions.
 Case B: initial axillary radiograph.
  Case 3: Preirradiation computed tomography sagittal section showing extension of lesion up to the cranial base with destruction of the walls of the maxillary sinus.
 Echocardiogram – Supra-sternal view showing an organised thrombus in the Distal Transverse Aortic Arch (DTA: Distal transverse arch; Dao: Descending aorta; LSCA: Left subclavian artery)
 Chest radiograph shows a mass lesion located in the right infrahilar region.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of right shoulder in a 63 year old patient with a preoperative Oxford shoulder score of 25
 X-ray chest, posteroanterior view, with lamellar effusion.
 T2W axial image showing multiloculated cystic mass in left choroid fissure, and neurocysticercosis in vesicular stage with eccentric scolex in bilateral cerebral hemispheres (small arrows)
 Chest radiograph showing the coiling of the right ventricular lead around the pulse generator of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator.
 Listeria. Axial gadolinium contrast-enhanced T1-weighted sequence showing multiple lesions with ring enhancement in the left pons.
 Tetralogy of Fallot. In this view the aorta can be seen to arise astride a large ventricular septal defect. The four chamber view did not demonstrate any abnormality
 IVC venography before retreival
 PET MIP show extensive bony metastasis.
  Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreaticography showing obstructive biliary processes associated with stent dysfunction of the extrahepatic and common bile duct. Intraluminal irregular images (yellow arrow) of low signal intensity on T2-weighted sequences consistent with bile stones are observed; these lead to moderate dilation of the intrahepatic bile duct.
 Soft tissue osteosarcoma in 2010, in the right cervicothoracic paraspinal musculature.
 Panoramic radiograph taken at 1 year follow-up.
 Plain chest X-ray revealed no abnormal findings.
 Axial image obtained on multidetector computed tomography demonstrating complete opacification of the left atrial appendage (LAA) (arrow), which was considered normal without thrombus.
 Chest CT scan of the patient
 CT performed 28 months after surgery shows increasing subcutaneous fat, indicating improvement in the patient’s health
 Distances from the posterior edge of hard palate to the posteroinferior corner of C1 anterior ring (Hard palate, posterior C1 distance, red line), to posteroinferior corner of C2 vertebral body (Hard palate, posterior C2 distance, red line), and the distances from the posteroinferior corner of most posterior upper molar tooth to the posteroinferior corner of C1 anterior ring (Molar, posterior C1 distance, blue line) or to posteroinferior corner of C2 vertebral body (Molar, posterior C2 distance, blue line).
 22-year-old female with uterine artery pseudoaneurysm. Followup angiogram demonstrates good result without opacification of the pseudoaneurysm with contrast. Note the Onyx® cast (black arrows).
 View obtained during experiment 3 at 12 min after injection
 CT scan with IV contrast of the pelvis showing the swollen left gluteal region and the extravasation of contrast media.
 Frontoemporal atrophy and widened CSF spaces
 Chest X-ray film immediately after the puncture.Note: An ~5 mm collapse of the apical portion of the right lung is observed (arrows).
 Coronal view of both kidneys demonstrating the right urinoma and dilated left collecting system (proximal ureter 7 mm).
 Chest X-ray showing a feeding tube coiling in the upper esophageal pouch, reaching as low as the fourth thoracic vertebra (black arrow). There is absence of gas in the abdomen and signs of pneumonia on both lungs
 Post-operation follow-up computed tomography scan after 8 months, showed that the remaining pancreas had no evidence of recurrence (red arrows). There was no evidence of early drainage to the portal vein during arterial phase (blue arrow).
 Bile duct cancer, bile ducts visible after cholangiography, obturated part visible as a break, French 5 brachytherapy catheter with radio-opaque wire inside
 CT scan demonstrates a heterogeneous soft-tissue mass that appeared to fill the cecum and the proximal portion of the ascending colon and dilated distended loops of gut with fluid levels.
 It shows region of interest (ROI) placed on (2–4)th metacarpals. Cortical thickness and bone width are calculated for each point with multiple such measurements made over the ROI, allowing for DXR-BMD to be calculated.
 T2w coronal section showing fluid fluid levels in cystic lesion of 4th metacarpal
 Mediastinal widening and absence of gastric bubble
 Une IRM cérébrale révélant une thrombophlébite cérébrale au dépend du sinus longitudinale supérieur avec un ramollissement hémorragique d’un infarctus veineux pariétale postérieure gauche
 Abdominal plain film showing small bowel ileus and colonic distension.
 The linear structure had two hyperechoic linear strips on either side of the longitudinal anechoic lumen representing fluid filled alimentary canal of the worm (“double tube sign” or “inner tube sign”)
 CT scan of patient 2 after bilateral craniectomy.
 Follow up CT scan at 3 months.
 Magnetic resonance imaging. T1 weighted (sagittal view) images showing hyperintense fat content in the central canal extending up to the medulla secondary to rupture of the mass.
 ap radiograph of the Cut prosthesis.
 The patient was unable to hold their breath using the standard FGR sequence with 2 NEX.
 55-year-old male patient with pain and swelling of the palate which was subsequently diagnosed as adenoma of the palatal minor salivary glands. Enhanced computed tomography demonstrates homogenous mass (arrow) in the right middle third of the face involving the nasal cavity and maxillary sinus.
 Coronal reformatted postcontrast FSPGR sequence demonstrating filling defect within the left sigmoid sinus. Blue arrow is demonstrating a normal right vein. Red arrow is demonstrating clot within the left vein.
 Abdominal CT scan showing bladder infiltration from the squamous cell carcinoma of the rectum
 upper GI contrast study shows prepyloric stricture.
 Image obtained using intracardiac echocardiography (ICE): With colour flow mapping (arrow) of the interatrial septum demonstrating a large ASD with shunting.
 Coronary angiogram in the left anterior oblique cranial view shows the circumflex artery originating from right sinus of Valsalva.
 T2 weighted sagittal MRI of the cervical spine without contrast. There is hyperintesity underneath the tectorial membrane extending from C2 to the upper margin of the clivus with apparent discontinuity of the apical ligament.
 Angiography of the left kidney showing microaneurysms in the tumor-bearing segment (arrows).
 Abdominal MRI (T2-weighted sequence, coronal slice), showing a lobulated cyst within the uncinate process of the pancreas, with slight parietal thickening.Same patient as Fig. 4.
 CT scan in coronal view of right transglottic T3 with fixed vocal cord and arytenoid. The tumour clearly invades the superior and inferior paraglottic space with transglottic extension toward the cricoid cartilage.
 Extracted spicule
 Ultrasonography of left kidney (size 7.2 by 3.9 cm) 42 mon after initial episodes showing persistence of medullary nephrocalcinosis with acoustic shadow (black arrow).
 Endoanal ultrasonographic image of a deep postanal space abscess (axial view).
 Example of HRUS image.HRUS is able to provide specific anatomical information of bladder tumor development in a 3-dimensional plane. The tumor size was assessed based on the ROIs drawn around the tumor borders for every slice of 125 μm. Tumor is marked in blue.
 Preoperative computed tomography scan of the abdomen showing a giant solid mass.
 T1 weighted axial image of the wrist reveal bundle of hypointense circular structures beneath flexor retinaculum. The hypointense areas represent the neural bundles with perineural fibrosis. The nerve bundles are lying in a background of high signal intensity
 Chest roentgenogram on admission consistent with right pneumothorax. Arrows showing the pleural line.
 The figure shows the inward angulation, which represents the angle of the needle to the line of the spinous process on AP view. IA: inward angulation.
 Chest radiograph of patient, which was normal
 Kyphoscoliosis of the spine in Patient 1 as a precipitant for gallbladder torsion.
 Radiographie du bras: image diaphysaire ostéocondensante irrégulière et en motte du tiers proximal de l'humérus sans effraction de la corticale
 A color flow Doppler image of descending aorta LAX view showing systolic flow within the true lumen (black arrow) and no flow in the false lumen (white arrow)
 Computed tomography scan with arrow head showing iliopsoas abscess.
 Conventional chest X-ray showing hilar lymphadenopathy
 Right lateral survey radiograph obtained from a 2‐year MC Bernese mountain dog (dog 3). There is severe dilatation of the stomach with fluid and a small volume of gas. There are multiple irregular, variably sized mineral opacities present within the lumen of the stomach. The small bowel and colon is diffusely and severely fluid and gas dilated. Apparent gravel sign in the stomach is most consistent with chronic gastric outflow obstruction; however, given the diffuse changes, an underlying functional ileus should be considered.
 Microscopic photograph of the ureteral biopsy shows a cystic structure with a thin epithelial lining. The epithelium lining consists of a benign urothelium with intact umbrella cells (hematoxylin and eosin stain).
 ACh. Considerable wall thickening (8–9 mm). A large concrement obstructs the area of the gallbladder neck
 CT scan of the left ethmoidal mucocele approached endoscopically
 Oblique coronal MPR contrast-enhanced CT scan shows a calculus in the distal part of the CBD (thick black arrow), with proximal dilatation and a calculus in the neck of gallbladder (thin black arrow). In addition there is frank communication (white arrow) between the extrahepatic suprapancreatic CBD and retroperitoneal collections, lying between the left kidney and the pancreas and pushing the stomach superiorly (large black arrow)
 Coronal fluoroscopic image from a modified barium swallow study showing two masses in the vallecula coated in contrast material.
 Pancreatic cancer with metastasis to the ovaries.
 Axial FLAIR MRI demonstrating improvement in the hyperintense lesions in both occipital lobes 48 h after symptom onset.
 Panoramic view taken 5 days after right maxilla sinus bone grafting and #16 implantation revealed dental implant protrusion into the right maxillary sinus.
 The pictures are the fluoroscopic pictures of lateral and anteroposterior view while giving transforaminal epidural steroid injection in a 50 years old American Society of Anesthesiology 1 female in our hospital Acharya Shri Chander College of Medical Sciences operating room.
  Image of tumor invasion into the sphenoid sinus in patient with NPC. A contrast enhanced coronal T1-weighted MR image revealed that the mass connected with the primary nasopharyngeal lesion invaded into the sphenoid sinus and that the floor of the sphenoid sinus was destroyed.
 Superior rectal venogram obtained after embolization of the rectal varices with multiple coils (arrows), N-butyl cyanoacrylate glue, thrombin and gelfoam. Note that no rectal varices were visualized. Hepatopetal flow within the superior rectal vein is noted (arrowhead).
 Intramural gas in GI tract unassociated with CPR in 72-year-old deceased woman who did not undergo CPR (case 16).CT scan obtained 1 hour and 48 minutes after death shows intramural gas throughout GI tract (arrows) similar to case 15. CPR was not performed before death due to patient's DNR order. However, autopsy did not reveal any pathology associated with this postmortem CT finding. Therefore, intramural gas was attributed to mucosal injury, which is normal postmortem change. CPR = cardiopulmonary resuscitation, CT = computed tomography, DNR = do-not-resuscitate, GI = gastrointestinal
 Anteroposterior radiographs of the left wrist, showing slight cortical bone thinning (arrows) of the radial side of the distal radius metaphysis.
  Lateral X-RAY showing flowing ossification along mid-inferior aspects of the thoracic spine.
  Increased acetate uptake in pathologically enlarged paraaortal lymph nodes in patient with prostate cancer.
 Thyroid ultrasonography shows a well-defined hypoechoic mass in the left lobe.
 Successful attempt characterized by appropriate spread of contrast along the nerve root.
 Immediate post-obturation
 1 FB (cover handle) situated at the second part of duodenum
 The notch sign. Chest radiology (posterior-anterior view) showing notch on the outer border of the left lung mass
 Sinogram revealing extensive nephrocutaneous fistula
 Image from barium small bowel follow-through showing contrast filling a large, irregular extraluminal space (arrows) through a fistula from the lumen of the ileum. Smaller “ulcerations” projected over the opposite side of the lumen (arrowheads) [Powerpoint Slide]
 Axial post-contrast T1WI shows a slit-like center (white arrow) in an otherwise intensely, solidly contrast-enhancing mass in the right frontal white-matter. The mass causes little mass-effect relative to its large size.
 CT images from before the initiation of ruxolitinib treatment. The CT scan revealed massive splenomegaly.
  CT scout view pelvis and upper thigh.
 58-year-old man with a 12-month history of recurrent headaches diagnosed with PCLp associated with bilaterally symmetrical lateral ventricular CPLps without corpus callosal anomalies. Sagittal unenhanced FLAIR MRI scan shows PCLp (white arrows) and discrete areas of fatty tissue around the anterior interhemispheric fissure (black arrow). Also, evident is normal corpus callosum.
 Coronal STIR image showing high signal within the optic nerve corresponding to the side of the pain in Case 3.
 CT images of the lesion. (A) On the plain CT scan, an oval homogeneous hypodense mass with a distinct border is located in the quadrate lobe of the liver. (B) Arterial, (C) portal venous and (D) delayed phase CT scan showing slight and continued enhancement in the peripheral of the mass. CT, computed tomography.
 CT-scan with contrast axial view showing low enhancement in both arterial and venous phases. The mass widens the thyroarytenoid space without cartilage infiltration.
 CT guided biopsy of the right infrahilar mass.
 Diffusion tensor imaging in the basal short-axis plane in a patient with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The acquisition used a diffusion-weighted stimulated-echo single-shot echo-planar-imaging sequence during multiple breath holds. The tensor’s main eigenvector, which follows the orientation of the myocytes, is represented by cylindrical glyphs, colour coded according to the helix angle: blue right-handed, green circumferential, red left-handed (Image courtesy of Pedro Ferreira and Dudley Pennell).
 MRCP for pancreatic cystic lesion in the head of pancreas in a female patient aged 15 years; histopathology revealed solid pseudopapillary tumor
 Multiple bilateral lung metastasis
 Panoramic X-ray showing teeth loss on the lower 1st molar area.
 The minimum amount of medial projection of the triradiate cartilage considered a ‘positive’ triradiate bump sign was 3 mm. This cut-off was set as we noted medial lipping of the triradiate cartilage commonly broke the projected best-fit ellipse by 1–2 mm but did not reflect significant medial projection of the triradiate cartilage
 Cyclops lesion. Sagittal proton density image, post ACL reconstruction, shows hypointense mass in the fat pad, which is oedematous
 Sixteen years with supraorbital and intraorbital extension
 Lesion being stented by deploying 2.75 × 23 mm Xience prime drug-eluting stent.
 Fistulography: (a) Jackson-Pratt drain; (b) main pancreatic duct.
 Transverse abdominal computed tomography scan shows a nonspecific inflammatory process involving the adipose tissue of the small bowel mesentery.
 MRI brain showing multiple metastatic lesions (white arrow) surrounded by vasogenic edema.
 Computed tomography demonstrated the right common iliac artery and right common iliac venous fistula (white arrow).
 This contrast chest CT scan shows multiple bilateral masses involving mainly the upper ribs, extending into the thorax and causing mediastinal shift to the left. The largest mass measuring 5,7 cm × 4,1 cm is located on the right side. The masses consist of large multiloculated soft tissue lesions with calcifications. The appearance is mostly suggestive of a chest wall bone tumor with likely soft tissue metastasis.
 EUS image of T1 rectal cancer confined to mucosa and superficial submucosa.SM=submucosa, MP=muscularis propria,  SR=serosa.
 Axial flair and T2 MRI showing bilateral cerebellar white matter hyperintensities in a 21-year-old man affected by SW CAH (patient no. 1)
 In vivo B-scan of fovea acquired before optimization of polarization controller. Image consists of 1600 A-scans x 5 averaged frames. Total acquisition time was 40 msec. Scale bars are 250µm (vertical) and 1° (horizontal). Arrows point to artifacts due to residual polarization mode dispersion.
 Photo of skin suture.
 Postoperative CT of the liver
 Plain abdominal radiograph demonstrating fecalith (arrow).
 Plain abdominal radiograph with dilated colon.
 Preoperative panoramic radiographic imaging indicating a right mandibular body (solid arrow) and left subcondylar (dashed arrow) fractures in an edentulous mandible.
 Sacroilitis.
 CT chest - coronal viewEncasement of the right pulmonary artery (green arrow) is visible.
 The angle of the distal common bile duct (CBD) with the horizontal plane. The angle of the distal CBD was measured as the angle between the inflated balloon at the ampulla and the horizontal plane of the vertebra (black lines)
 The different cold saline injection sites in the present study.Notes: (a) Proximal end: sheath of Swan-Ganz catheter. (b) Distal end: PA end of Swan-Ganz catheter. (c) Control: proximal injection end of Swan-Ganz catheter.
 The radiographic images shows the stabilization of bone blocks on the residual ridge with self-tapping screws
 Chest X-ray showing nasogastric tube entering right lower lobe bronchus
 Image of an aneurysm in the left branch of the superior mesenteric artery. Yellow arrow shows the aneurysm.
 Right hip osteonecrosis stage 4, erosions of pubic symphisis with pseudowidening , entesitis of the ischial tuberosities, narrowing of the left sacroiliac joint
 Right breast’s mass that causes great asymmetry with ulceration and trophic skin changes.
 Positioning and fixation of transapical left ventricular lead under fluoroscopy guidance
 Preoperative CT sagittal image.
 Intrinsic filling defect due to a large submucous uterine leiomyoma
 Postoperative axial CT-scan following seemingly uneventful routine paranasal sinus surgery. Obviously a major skull base perforation has happened and a piece of bone (red arrow) was transferred into the remote brain tissue. The surgeon noticed an increased intraoperative blood loss only.
 The uterus was not clearly observed in transvaginal ultrasonography, but bilateral ovaries and tubes were closely observed.
 X-ray image of an alive rat taken at 55 kV/0.3 mA.
 Multiple filling defects were seen in the right lower lobe pulmonary artery
 Chest X-ray PA view at 4 weeks showed clearing of the opacities with thin-walled cavities.
 High-resolution chest computed tomography. There are ground-glass areas on both lower lungs and a patchy consolidation on the right lower lung.
 Computed Tomography (CT) of the chest showing the obstructing endobronchial lesion in the left mainstem bronchus.
 Magnetic resonance imaging performed 2 years after the surgery. No residual or recurrent masses are identified; there are no signs of intracranial hypertension, no extra-axial collections, or deviations from the midline
 An example of a central ResMax with pattern abnormalities (hypo- and hyper-autofluorescence, both labeled).
 Computed tomography scan of abdomen shows air density in the retroperitoneum (arrow) and mesentery (arrowhead).
 35-year-old male with complaints of abdominal distention. Axial noncontrast-enhanced CT of the abdomen shows multiple cystic lesions in the omentum and liver (kvp :120 mas: 100, 5mm thickness).
 Chest X-ray obtained on admission showed consolidation in the left middle and lower lung fields.
 Pneumoperitoneum post CPR.
 DSA image (45 degree left anterior oblique (LAO) projection) showing the severe angulation (arrow) of the APC after its origin from the aorta
 Water-soluble gastrografin meal showing normal intra-abdominal position of the stomach.
 F-18 fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) positron emission tomography-computed tomographic study demonstrates an ill-defined hypermetabolic soft tissue lesion located deep to the right breast and along the right anterior chest wall, concerning for neoplastic process. There is a large non-FDG avid fluid density collection in the right breast and overlying the hypermetabolic lesion, likely representing a seroma. Left breast implant is noted. No other suspicious FDG avid lesion or lymph node to suggest systemic involvement of malignancy was identified.
 Case 1. 42-year-old male with bilateral hypertrophic olivary degeneration following excision of a fourth ventricular epidermoid cyst. Axial T2-weighted image 14 months later through same level as 2(b) shows reduction in hypertrophy and hyperintensity.
 Thick-slab computed tomography image showing the relationship of aneurysm to the pneumatized anterior clinoid process on the right side
 Intramural gas in a 63-year-old woman post-surgical resection for rectal carcinoma. Abdominal radiograph shows diffuse lucency within colonic wall (arrow)
 Native computed tomography scan of the brain. Slight hypodensity in the basal ganglia mainly on the left side (arrow) can be seen (post-ischemic changes after prolonged hypoxemia).
 Preoperative left vertebral angiogram note the tumor stain. The tumor is fed by the vermian branch of the left posterior inferior cerebellar artery. A flow-related aneurysm (arrow) is seen in the arterial phase
 Chest X-ray showing right hydro pneumothorax.
 Still from a movie — An animation of the 2011 Feb 15 coronal wave and its reflection on a coronal hole as seen on a full sun map combining EUVI-A and EUVI-B (195 Å) with AIA (193 Å) data. Shown is a sequence of running ratio images. The blue lines indicate the predicted wave trajectories and clearly show the reflection at the coronal hole boundary (red line). Reproduced with permission from Olmedo et al. (2012), copyright by AAS. (To watch the movie, please go to the online version of this review article at http://www.livingreviews.org/lrsp-2015-3.)
 Female, 63 years, fibrothecoma on the left side (long arrow). Sagittal T2WI showed the peripheral subcapsular cystic areas (short arrow)
 Multiple dilated small bowel loops seen on axial CT with IV and oral contrast with several air-fluid levels (arrows) and positive oral contrast seen only within proximal small bowel loops left side of the abdomen in keeping with intestinal obstruction in a patient who developed adhesions as a complication of peritoneal dialysis
 Demonstrates localization of two lesions of the left breast for biopsy.
 Chest computed tomography showing patchy bilateral parenchymal opacities with trace left pleural effusion, consistent with multifocal pneumonia.
 Patient no. 1. MRI no. II, 5 weeks after no. I. FLAIR sequence. Hyperintense signal intensity in the caudate nucleus and striatum bilaterally.
 Case 4 – RM (T1 axial) showing hy drocephalus and hypointense white matter (periventricular) foci (mainly posterior).
 Axial MDCT in a patient with PMC and associated toxic megacolon showing submucosal oedema and mucosal enhancement of the ascending and descending colon giving the appearance of the “target sign”. The colon is dilated; this therefore constitutes a surgical emergency.
 Echocardiographic image of operated rabbit. Right parasternal view, recording B-mode and Doppler values. Aorta; (Ao, as AORTA in the figure)
 Right shoulder pre-reduction X-ray
 Longitudinal scan of the fetus shows thickened placenta (arrow).
 Radiograph showing absence of the ulna and ulnar three digits.
 Figure 2: Contrast CT-scan showing differential enhancement of livers of both twins.
 A) 25x10 magnification H&E and parathyroid pathology section; stained border surrounding connective tissue and partly capsule (arrow); B) 4x10 magnification H&E tumoral area in surrounding connective tissue (asterisk)
 Axial CT-scan at the level of the gallbladder, showing a large calculus within the gallbladder and a further small calculus in adjacent dilated CBD.
 Intra oral periapical radiograph of supplemental tooth.
 Cardiac MRI reveals increased T2-weighted signal in the septum and anterior wall and a small focus of delayed enhancement in the apical septum consistent with inflammation and edema involving the AV node (arrows)
 Axial image of the aortic root abscess with Doppler confirming the presence of a fistula between the aorta and the right atrium.
 Underdeveloped condylar and coronoid processes, hypoplastic zygomatic arches
 Postoperative chest posteroanterior (PA) checked at postoperative day one, does not show diffuse haziness in both upper lung fields but shows pulmonary vascular blurring in the whole lung field.
 Initial chest x-ray with signs of pulmonary congestion and cardiomegaly.
 Chest x-ray at hospital admissionChest x-ray showing bilateral pulmonary infiltrates
 Computed tomography showing the entry of the cannula into the jugular vein with a partial thrombus in the lumen. However, there is no sign of a thrombus or adhesion around the cannula (arrow)
 A 58-year-old man who applied 2-day dietary regimen. CT image in prone position shows tagged fluid (thin arrow) covering less than 25% of colonic lumen assigned to score 1 and 25–50% (thick arrow) assigned to score 2 for residual fluid in ascending colon. Some tagged feces (thin curved arrow) assigned to tag score 5 for residual solid stool, seen in sigmoid colon.
 Angiogram following open surgical repair showing absence of visible bleeding and of any arterio-venous fistula of the right subclavian artery (arrows).
 The post-operative anterior–posterior radiograph showed improved acetabular coverage with disappearance of the crossover sign
  MRI abdomen/pelvis demonstrating large rectus sheath hematoma anterior to gravid uterus. Motion artifact present. (Image obtained with permission from Good Samaritan Hospital Medical Center Radiology Department.)
 Empty sella on MRI [6].
 Patient underwent a definite Boari flap for the ureteroneocystostomy to release right ureteral stricture. Postoperative antegrade pyelography revealed neither ureteral stricture nor contrast medium leakage from the anastomosis site.
 Clockwise rotation while withdrawing from the descending duodenum shows the superior mesenteric vein in a longitudinal section. In this frame the superior mesenteric artery disappears from view as lies posterior, close to its origin from the aorta. At the junction of superior mesenteric vein and splenic vein, the inferior mesenteric vein is seen joining the confluence.
 Saggital T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging head showing an empty sella turcica
 Guidance of the transapical catheter along the true long axis of the left ventricle (important to obtain views of the left ventricle that are not foreshortened)
 Sonography with a large mass in the left pleural space.
 MR examination, coronal T1-weighted images. Right-sided intersphincteric fistula.
 Coronal T1W image shows a tear of the tendinous insertion of the right gluteus medius from its insertion on the greater trochanter (arrow)
 Substantially increased EAF from the left frontal cortex – subarachnoid space (A–A = 0.15 cm) grade 4. Image from subject A19. SonoSite set at zoom mode.
 At carinal level, chest CT scan shows a heterogeneous enhancing mass (arrows) with pericardial effusion in anterior mediastinum.
 Ganglion cyst of the proximal tibiofibular joint. The coronal fat saturated proton density weighted image shows a ganglion cyst (white arrow) emerging with a short neck (black arrow) from the proximal tibiofibular joint (T tibia, F fibula)
 Abdominal computed tomography: (a) calcified lymph node mass in the hepatic hilum; (b) surgical staple of previous gastric surgery.
 Chest X-ray on admission.
 X-ray of chest of second patient – ARDS after lung embolism complicated by lung infection.Abbreviation: ARDS, adult respiratory distress syndrome.
 Plain radiograph of the head showing a large soft tissue mass protruding from the anterior aspect of the face with calcifications within it. Note the under-developed left temporomandibular joint (black arrow).
 Dorsoventral radiograph shows a scoliosis in the thoracic vertebrae region that continued to the lumbar region
 Transverse abdominal computed tomography scan with a tumor mass (15 cm × 8.8 cm × 7.8 cm, white arrow) in the upper left hemiabdomen. The mass shows increased density in comparison to normal fat and a tumoral pseudocapsule.
 Lower abdomen/pelvis showing spleen.
 Angiogram following coil embolization of right hepatic artery pseudoaneurysm.
 Case #11. Mitral valve calcification. Long-axis view of transthoracic echocardiography showed a thick, dense, non-mobile mass (arrow) attached to the vascular side of the right coronary cusp of the aortic valve.
 A comprehensive 2 dimensional M-mode color flow and Doppler echocardiography reveals a normal left ventricular systolic function (EF 60–69%). A large right atrial mass measuring 5.8 × 4.7 cm almost fills the right atrium and extends into the tricuspid valve causing tricuspid regurgitation.
 MIP (Maximum intensity projection) image of the samepatient
 Unilateral total hip replacements
 Echocardiogram parasternal short axis showing left ventricular chamber back to normal size and function.
 CT of right wrist indicating hamate hook fracture.
 Radiographic appearance after 3 years from the treatment.
 T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging shows a large lesion with some hypointense areas compatible with hemorrhage
 Destruction of the maxillary sinus bone structures.
 Patient's chest x-ray on admission showed increased cardio-thoracic ratio and some areas of consolidation in both lungs
 Sagittal T1 FAT saturated sequence post-contrast shows prominent tortuous intradural veins from level T11–12 down to the cauda equina nerve roots (arrow)
 Preoperative angiography: left common carotid angiogram, lateral projection, and arterial phase showing extensive mandibular AVM with arterial supply from multiple sources and drainage into the dilated inferior alveolar vein.
 Anteroposterior fluoroscopic view of bone dowel being place in the intervertebral disc space, through one of the cannulas.
 Noncontrast axial CT of massive central calcified disc/limbus fracture filling the spinal canal contributing to cauda equina compression. The axial noncontrast CT demonstrated calcification/ossification of a massive central disc herniation filling the spinal canal at the L4-L5 level. This is also called a limbus fracture. This patient presented with a cauda equina syndrome (paralysis) and required removal of this disc through a coronal hemilaminectomy [See Figures 8 and 9] from both sides
 A coronal section of the contrast computed tomography scan, revealing a fatty liver and normal pancreas.
 Panoramic radiograph of Case 2.
 Fluoroscopic image of the arthroscope and an electrocautery in position inside the iliopsoas bursa around head and neck junction.
 Non-contrast axial CT image showing submandibular sialolithiasis on right side (white arrow) and normal gland on left side
 Preoperative chest X-ray. The left upper lobe and right middle lobe are hyperlucent with compressive atelectasis of right upper and left lower lobes
 Postoperative radiographs show blurring of the right psoas shadow(arrowheads). Hemoglobin levels dropped from 13.5 g/dL to 8.5 g/dL postoperatively without any clinical manifestations.
 Figure 2:Showing vertebral and rib anomalies.
 CT at Diagnosis Showing Thickening of Gastro-Oesophageal Junction and Stomach Wall
 Barium swallow showing an oblique posterior indentation of the oesophagus
 Chest X-ray showing significant cardiomegaly.
 Neck ultrasound: intraluminal thrombus of the IJV (white arrow) with inability to fully compress the vein.
 Early recurrence of the hernia after laparoscopic incisional hernia repair. Note the dilated small bowel loops within the hernia sac.
 A CT scan shows multiple tiny nodules in both lungs and a lobulated mass in the left lower lobe.
 Pre-treatment OPG
 X-ray 06-2012.
 The post-operative X-ray, showed a mismatch between the femoral and the acetabular component diameters.
 After surgical closure of CAVF draining from LAD to PA
 Transabdominal ultrasound –advanced chronic pancreatitis
 A 65-year-old man with a right retromolar trigone carcinoma invading the masticator space. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan shows a mass in the right retromolar trigone (white arrow) that invades the medial pterygoid muscle, which is enlarged, posteriorly (black arrows). Also note the heterogeneous attenuation of the muscle when compared to the left medial pterygoid muscle
 Frontal radiograph from a barium meal follow-through study shows contrast-opacified short length of dilated small bowel; A, ascending colon; D, descending colon, R, rectum. Rapid transit was noted, with contrast seen in the large bowel within 20 minutes of administration (normal mean transit time is 60 minutes)
 Initial intraoral periapical radiograph of the lower right first and second molars before periodontal treatment.
 LAD CTO with retrograde filling of distal LAD from RPDA.
 Posteroanterior chest radiograph showing the swallowed needle
 Chest X-ray PA view showing homogenous opacity on the right side involving all zones with obliteration of the costophrenic angle and contralateral mediastinal shift
 Pseudosinus tract in a 4-week-old infant with a sacral dimple.Sagittal ultrasonography of the coccygeal region shows a hypoechoic line extending from the skin dimple to the distal coccyx (arrow). This finding is considered a normal variant and is not associated with spinal dysraphic anomalies.
 Intra-articular shoulder injection was confirmed using color Doppler. Arrow, needle. HH = humerus head.
 Radiograph showing iron rod in situ
 Endoscopic ultrasound revealed a 2.5-cm inhomogeneous semicircular mass (white arrows) originating from the muscularis propria that is surrounded by a demarcated hypoechoic rim.
 The axial image of CCTA in subgroup A4.Fifty-eight years old, male, 76 kg. Injection speed of 4.8 ml/s and injection volume of 58 ml. CT values in target vessels are as following: AO = 401.62HU, LMA = 391.23HU, LAD = 353.88HU, LCX = 343.98HU.
 Axial CTC image through the lower rectum demonstrating aliasing artifact from a right hip arthroplasty which spuriously creates pixels with Hounsfield unit values of less than −350 in the soft tissues. This resulted in inaccurate segmentation along the gas column (green ROI). All patients with hip arthroplasty devices were therefore excluded from this study.
 Anteroposterior radiograph demonstrating satisfactory fracture stabilisation
 Intraoperative lateral X ray of the wrist.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography at 3 months after the initiation of anticoagulation therapy. The thrombosis was disappeared completely
 OPG (2004)
 CT abdomen/pelvis demonstrating multiple abscesses in the liver with air fluid levels.
 Chest radiograph suggesting increased cardiothoracic ratio and left heart configuration due to large left atrial appendage aneurysm
 Magnetic resonance (MR) image indicating the measurements of marrow signal intensity in an oval shape region-of-interest (ROI) approximately 60 mm2 size encompassing the screw-fixated L4 bone marrow (ROI, B) and L3 bone marrow (ROI, A).
 Radiographic view of Case 2.
 The band applied around the fundus.
 MRI showing the intrahepatic lesion.
 Postoperative cervical spine CT showing hardware failure at C3 with anterior shift of the allograft.
 Ultrasound of the splenic vein demonstrates acute nonocclusive thrombus (arrow).
 Follow-up breast magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) after chemotherapy. The early phase of the dynamic sagittal MRI with subtraction shows the decrease in the tumor extent in left upper outer quadrant (arrow).
 49-year-old woman with retinoic acid arthropathy. Lateral radiograph of the right elbow shows hyperostosis involving the olecranon process, but no soft-tissue swelling adjacent to this site, joint effusion, or fracture.
 Initial chest radiograph.
 Chest radiograph showing blurred foreign body within the cardiac silhouette (arrow).
 Coronal CT scan of the patient.
 Visualisation of the cystic duct, 45 min (time point of maximal signal) after injecting 6 mg of IRDye® 800BK (1 mg/mL). Note the little white spots are caused by scattering, and do not represent the fluorescent signal
 Coronal FDG-PET/CT demonstrating intense FDG uptake (SUVmax 4.1) within the tumor.
 Computed tomography myelogram of case 5. The cervical cord was compressed at the levels of C2–3 and C3–4.
 Aortogram demonstrating a large right common iliac artery aneurysm with simultaneous contrast opacification of his inferior vena cava.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance image of the left shoulder illustrating a reverse Hill-Sachs lesion (arrow) 2 cm in width and 5 mm in depth involving 33% of humeral articular surface.
 Coronary angiography with normal coronary angiographic findings.
 CT liver showing a mass lesion.
 Sagittal dynamic MR images in our patient showing normal enhancement pattern of the straight sinus and of the posterior pituitary.
 Pleural calcification secondary to empyema. Axial CT shows pleural calcification at the right haemothorax (arrow)
 T2 weighted image MRI (axial section) showing an isointense ring lesion with an eccentric hyperintense dot with perilesional edema (arrow)
 B-mode ultrasonography of ovarian cyst with heterogeneous components, histopathologic evaluation revealed dermoid cyst.
 Computed tomography scan shows pleural thickening
 Contrast-enhanced computerized tomography showing an exophytic 4 × 3 × 3 cm low-density nodule arising from the posterior wall of the gastric fundus.
 56-year-old man with intrahepatic biliary intraductal oncocytic papillary carcinoma. CT cholangiogram demonstrates contrast excretion in non-dilated biliary tree and the absence of contrast in the cystic component of the lesion.
 MRI findings of left adrenal hemorrhage.
 Case 1. Splenic venography revealed a spleno-renal (white arrow) and a spleno-retroperitoneal shunt (black arrow)
 CT revealing chronic tubercular (R) renal affection mimicking a well-circumscribed multi-septated cystic renal mass
 Coronal T2W MR image shows scoliosis of cervicodorsal spine convex towards right side
 Abdominal CT showing situs inversus. Spleen in R side, Liver in L side
 ERCP showing stones in the main bile duct
 The lesion becomes isoechoic in the portal venous phase.
 Coronal PET-CT scan. Hypermetabolic focus corresponding to the lumbar lesion.
 Plain radiograph showing plantar-flexed hallux IPJ.
  Coronal bone computed tomography image shows soft tissue content occupying some posterior left ethmoid cells, adjacent to the lamina papyracea.
 Coronal T2-weighted HR MRI shows a low rectal tumor in a 75-year-old man with involvement of the left levator muscle (arrow), intersphincteric space and external sphincter (arrowhead).
 Mid-phase fundus fluorescein angiography of the left eye shows venous obliteration along the superior arcade, with large areas of capillary dropout in the superior and temporal periphery. Neovascular fronds are seen along the superior arcade retinal veins; blocked fluorescence is noted along the inferior arcade due to subhyaloid hemorrhage.
 Intact membrane seen at the time of the nuchal scan.
 A 65-year-old woman with a pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe diagnosed by CT-guided thoracic biopsy. Lesion depth was measured from the point of pleural puncture to the nearest edge of the lung lesion along the needle path (distance a to b), which was 3.6 cm. The pathologic result was primary adenocarcinoma.
 Touch type diagram.
 Ultrasound features: Micro-calcification - histology proven papillary carcinoma. Hypoechoic, ill-defined margin, internal microcalcifications.
 Patient 2 plain CT head
 Diffuse white matter volume loss
 The midesophageal 2-chamber view showing a hyper-echogenic free-floating left atrial mass. LA: left atrium, LAA: left atrial appendage.
 Cone beam computed tomography, panoramic view, extension of a multilocular radiolucent lesion from the angle of the mandible to the symphysis
  Case 1: Non- contrast CT on the first session of tumor ablation. A LeVeen electrode is located in the center of the tumor (arrowhead). This ablation was stopped before reaching “roll-off” because the patient complained of left leg pain and numbness.
 The postoperative X-ray shows well adapted both segmental bones without any other unfavorable fracture of mandible.
 CT scan image after 1 month. Note the marked decrease in size of the pancreatic pseudocyst compared to figure 1.
 Postoperative panoramic radiograph of case 3 (5-month follow-up).
 Indirect portography demonstrating a disruption of the intra hepatic right portal vein with extravasation of contrast into a hepatic mass.
 Angiogram after coil embolization shows complete occlusion of the aneurysm. Proximal and distal markers (black arrowheads) indicate partially overlapping double stents in Y-configuration protecting the distal ACA branches.
 70-year-old woman with angina. MPR image shows long-axis view of diverticulum in diastolic phase.
 Computed tomographic scan shows a smooth mass of partial calcification at the mental region.
 Sagittal T2W MRI image shows the anterior lower segment uterine mass (arrow) with the presence of blood products (arrowheads)
 CECT-Left adrenal mass with areas of haemorrhage and necrosis (pheochromocytoma).
 MRI spine showing abnormal enhancement of the thoracic vertebra with spinal cord compression
 Computed chest tomography on admission. Contrast enhanced axial slices show a large mass in the anterior mediastinum with infiltration of the anterior chest wall (arrowhead).
 Brain CT showing new multiple, diffuse hypodense lesions near the vertex in the left hemisphere (arrows).
 Results of F-Dopa PET Scan. This image demonstrates the results of our patient’s F-Dopa PET scan. The pancreas is circled in black. There is no evidence of focal tracer uptake on this image, suggesting diffuse disease. However the finding of diffuse uptake on F-Dopa PET scan does not exclude a focal lesion
 52-year-old male with atypical chest pain. Coronary computed tomography angiography curved planar reformation image of the mid left anterior descending coronary artery. The white arrow marks an area suspicious for significant stenosis (>70%).
 Contrast-enhanced CT of the chest obtained in a patient with Hodgkin lymphoma reveals multiple enlarged lymph nodes in the mediastinum. The lymph nodes located anterior and to the left of the aortic arch (asterisk) are called para-aortic nodes, while those located anterior and to the right of the trachea (arrow) are right lower paratracheal nodes. Note the slightly prominent but normal triangular-shaped thymus anterior to the aortic arch. The linear hypodense line seen at the junction of the anterior one-third and posterior two-third of the thoracic vertebra is partial volume effect, resulting from intervertebral disk.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography (chest and abdomen) revealed cyst in the tail of pancreas and tract (L: Lung, Pl: Pleura, P: Pancreas, C: Cyst)
 CT, axial view showing multiple cystic lesions in maxilla
 Computed tomography of the patient, showing diffuse lymphadenopathy in mesenteric chains (red arrow) and thickening of the cecum and appendix (white arrows).
 Post-op contrast CT abdomen showing normal abdominal aorta at its origin.
 Barium meal picture.
 T2-weighted coronal MR image—TRUFI (True Fast Imaging with steady-state-free precession) sequence—obtained at the level of the portal-splenic venous confluence shows multiple high signal cysts of varying size replacing the pancreas.
 The chest X-ray showing herniated, obstructed, and dilated loop of transverse colon into the left chest
 Ultrasound image showing a cross-sectional view of the standoff, dermis (skin), subcutis (fat), and muscle tissue (musc).
 Voiding cystourethrography: reflux into ectopic orifice of right ureter (arrow).
 Incisional hernia formation following midline laparotomy
 MR venography showing absence of flow on superior saggital sinus
 Right upper pulmonary vein wedge angiogram demonstrating retrograde filling of the distal right pulmonary artery (arrow) and right upper, middle, and lower lobe pulmonary artery branches
 Abdominal CT angiography - venous phase. The arrow points to dilation of the intrahepatic portal vein, with portosystemic shunt.
 A rare demonstration of a pulmonary injury (star) that occurred during NT placement. A residual pneumothorax (left, double-sided arrow) is seen despite the placement of the NT
 The giant Duhamel pouch with fecal materials (arrow) without stenosis of the anastomotic site was noted on the colon study.
 AP view of a child’s left hand: periarticular soft tissue swelling of the PIP joints, mainly the III–IV in the course of JIA, differentiation with pachydermodactyly is at the discretion of the clinician.
 T2-weighted MR image showing a mildly hyperintense lesion compared to muscle.
 PA radiograph of the abdomen depicting implant screw driver in the stomach.
 Computed tomography scan showing a mass in the right iliac fossa region.
 Coronal contrast-enhanced CT image showing ectatic superior mesenteric vein (white arrow)PV – portal vein, SMV – superior mesenteric vein, A – ascites
 Illustration of the anatomical structures.
 22-year-old female with uterine artery pseudoaneurysm. Digital subtraction angiographic (DSA) image image demonstrates distal injection of the left uterine artery with backfilling of the pseudoaneurysm.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).Post-gadolinium T1 MRI of the brain showing the enhancing lesion in the midline.
 Carbon dioxide arteriography. Anterior tibial artery contrast perfusion to the foot
 The initial chest radiography at our institute shows the suspiciously small nodular opacity (arrow) in the suprahilar region of the right upper lobe.
 Multiplanar coronal reconstruction. Left maxillary sinus filled with liquid. Soft tissue emphysema.
 Case 1: CT scan from January 2014 following left nephroureterectomy demonstrating diffuse new hypoattenuating lesions consistent with metastatic disease. There is also peritoneal carcinomatosis, increased lymphadenopathy, and moderate intra-abdominal ascites.
 Excluded relevant anatomy.The yellow circle relates to the smaller (33 cm) field of view of the smaller detector. Iodine maps and subsequent iodine subtraction to create the virtual non-enhanced images can only be performed within the circle. In larger patients (>40 cm actual body diameter) or patients with improper position important anatomy may be excluded from the subtraction. In this example the lateral aspect of the right lobe of the liver fails to ‘become unenhanced’ (arrows).
 Paranasal sinus – skull
 The angio-CT coronal view of the mandibular and maxillary lesions.
 M R I at 18 months showing normal femoral head anatomy and physes
 High-resolution cornea scanning with anterior segment optical coherence tomogram revealing central Descemet's membrane detachment
 Magnetic resonance imaging showing the left ilium with an abnormal signal.
 A chest computed tomography scan shows a large dead space (white arrow) in the right thoracic area that resulted from the right lower lobectomy, as well as enhancing rims of the parietal and visceral pleurae (white arrowheads) surrounding a loculated pleural fluid collection (split pleura sign).
 Left heart catheterization. Mild luminal irregularities of the left anterior descending artery and left circumflex arteries not requiring percutaneous intervention. No evidence of aneurysm.
 Sagittal View at 2 Years and 1 Month of Age
 Example of proximal humerus fracture, managed by angle-stable locking compression plate osteosynthesis.
 Panoramic view of the same patient.
 Discrete inflammatory changes in the mesogastric fatty tissue surrounding several jejunal loops. An air containing mass suggestive of a diverticulum can be seen (arrow).
 Magnetic resonance image before chemotherapy an enhancing mass in the right external auditory canal and right temporal bone involving the mastoid
 Axial view of brain material within the right side of the sphenoid sinus.
 Functional Cobb angle measurement in conventional radiograph.
 X-ray of the pelvis showing bony erosion of the pubic symphysis
 Digital hand-wrist radiograph of a male subject with chronological age of 12.67 years matched with the “Male standard 23” image in Greulich and Pyle atlas and skeletal age estimated was 13 years
 Right ventricular injection in anteroposterior view shows severe right ventricular outflow tract stenosis and absent left pulmonary artery
 1-month followup IOPA radiograph.
 Radiograph on day 11 of hospital stay (day 14 after contact with a SARS patient).
 Panoramic radiograph showing a diffuse radiolucent lesion in lower left molar region.
 MRI of the brain and dilated lateral ventricle.
 The placenta of the donor twin seemed hyperechoic and thicker as compared to the placenta of the recipient twin. R, recipient; D, donor.
 Coronal T1-weighted SE image showing a small schwannoma arising from a trunk of the left brachial plexus. The lesion is isointense to muscle.
 The embryological development of the jaws and teeth from the neural crest, shown schematically in colours on a panoramic radiograph. The different fields in the mandible are marked in blue. The white lines show three different courses of peripheral nerves to the teeth and bone in the mandible. In the maxilla, the bilateral frontonasal fields are marked in yellow, the bilateral maxillary fields in red, and the bimaxillary palatinal fields in orange. The black lines show three different courses of peripheral nerves to the teeth and bone in the maxilla.
 Intra oral periapical radiograph 6 months post-operative: Shows definitive bone formation in periapical area
 In the axial CT image of the left knee joint, at posterior aspect of lateral femoral condyle, there is round, homogenously hypodense nodular lesion with a density of -99,4±62,3 HU, consistent with a lipoma.
 Lateral Cervical Spine X-RayDorsal column stimulator paddle lead at C1-C2
 Left-sided liver and right-sided spleen.
 Chest radiograph. Lung density in the left lower lobe.
 Preoperative view of enhanced CT scan. The pancreatic head tumor is shown by the arrow. Tumor was adjacent to the right gastro-omental artery (RGOA).
  Reconstruction of 3D models of the brain and skull.
 Downward arrow shows a bright gas reflection which is continuous with the peritoneal line, demonstrating free gas. Upward arrows show a bright gas reflection which curves away from the peritoneal line and is separated from it by a thin echolucent line, representing gas within bowel.
 Transthoracic echocardiography 5-chamber view showing clot in RA and thrombus in RV
  Case 1: Radiography at the first visit showing radiolucency at the apex area of tooth 46.
 CT scan. Calcifications are seen in the bifurcation of the left coronary artery (LCA), the proximal part of left circumflex artery (LCx), and the left anterior descending artery (LAD). Noncalcified parts are visible both proximal and more distal in LAD, seen as low-attenuating areas between the calcified parts.
 MRI T1.
 A radiograph shows the dilated small bowel in the upper quadrant.
 Radiograph at 4 months after the operation shows union state without any complications.
 CT bone window showing the large lesion in the right suboccipital and adjacent mastoid region.
 A single-lead right-sided pacemaker is present. There is also an abandoned left-sided lead without the pulse generator unit, indicated by an arrow.
 Pre-procedure magnetic resonance imaging of patient 1.
 Disturbed motor activity of the esophagus – tertiary contractions.
 37-year-old woman with heterotopic pregnancy. At presentation, transvaginal ultrasound of the uterus showing an intrauterine gestation with a crown-rump length (CRL) of 6 mm corresponding to a 6 week 3 day gestation.
 Ultrasound scan. 12 MHz linear probe. Irregular contours of the upper pole of the left testis which suggest infiltration of the tunica albuginea
 Preoperative computed tomography scan demonstrating a large anterior mediastinal mass.
 Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography demonstrated no communication between the dorsal pancreatic duct and the ventral pancreatic duct: pancreas divisum
 Computed tomography abdomed scan: marked hydronephrosis of left kidney.
 Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging showing the thrombus attached to the right ventricle.
 Radiograph after contrast injection of a successful intraosseous device insertion. The needle was placed in the intra-medullary space of proximal tibia. The draining veins of the bone getting opacified in this radiograph.
 Left coronary artery in RAO caudal projection showing the severe luminal narrowing of the distal LMCA and proximal portions of the LAD and LCx arteries. RAO, right anterior oblique; LMCA, left main coronary artery; LAD, left anterior descending; LCx, left circumflex.
 Left coronary artery angiogram. LMCA before the second procedure
 Digital subtraction angiography (DSA) of the celiac trunk showed the region of interest involving the proximal duodenum (circle), with endoscopically placed clips in the vicinity and previously coil-embolized GDA. GDA, gastroduodenal artery.
 CMR image of one of the two apical intramyocardial lesions (arrow). LV left ventricle
 37-year-old female with an unruptured superior hypophyseal aneurysm. One-vessel cerebral DSA. Left superior hypophyseal aneurysm projecting medially with normal cervical, petrous, cavernous portion of the internal carotid artery.
 These vessels originated from the contralateral femoral artery and are seen emerging from the left (arrows).
 CT scan of the abdomen showing an appendix mass with a small abscess and a linear opaque foreign body.
 Isovolumetric edema‐like signal change in the extensor digitorum communis (EDC) muscle belly without fatty atrophy, indicating denervation occurring in recent months.
 Figure 20. A 28-year-old lady with an irregular cervical canal due to TB infection that may be confused with a cesarean scar. Additionally, there is a typical feature of TB in the uterine cavity and fallopian tubes.
 The computed tomography of the patient's brain (coronal plane)
 Preoperative CT angiography shows a medially looped bilateral VA and has a kissing appearance at the C1 level.
 Axial T2 MRI image at C6/7 level showing central annular tear with left paracentral disc extrusion behind the C7 vertebral body.
 T2 gastric cancer in gastric antrum. (a-c) Enhanced CT scanning showed a clear gap surrounding the fat and smooth serosa. (d) The ultrasound imaging. Visible lesions invaded the muscle layer.
 Case 1, 7 months follow-up radiographs
 Transvaginal sonogram image of intrauterine monochorionic-triamniotic triplet pregnancy at 9 weeks' gestational age, demonstrating three separate embryos, distinct amniotic membranes (A), and unified chorion (C). The conception resulted from a two-embryo transfer following IVF+ICSI.
 A 49-year-old male with alcoholic cirrhosis.Color Doppler image of the porta hepatis demonstrates an absence of a normal main portal vein with a tangle of periportal collaterals, compatible with a cavernous transformation in the case of chronic portal vein thrombosis.
 Radiographie du thorax préopératoire
 Postoperative roentgenogram.
 Oblique weightbearing radiograph of the left foot without evidence of fracture or other abnormality.
 Mammographic appearance of granular cell tumour. Mammogram shows a dense mass deep in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast adjacent to the pectoralis major muscle.
 The cement beginning to fill in the peroperative period
 Fluoroscopic image of the supra-scapular nerve block injection. The needle is directed over the spine of the scapular and downward into the supra-scapular fossa. Bupivacaine 5 ml and 2 ml (80 mg) of triamcinolone acetonide are injected into the supra-scapular fossa
 Peak Voxel Axial View for Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Seed Functional Connectivity Network of Control > SAD.Resting-state connectivity for Control group > SAD group with ventromedial prefrontal cortex seed from Fig 6A (Cluster-wise FDR corrected, p < .05). Peak voxel (MNI coordinates): (-12, 20, -20); p < .001).
 Patient 1 – Pneumatosis involving the whole colon.
 Computed tomography angiogram (CTA) of the abdomen.CTA shows a thrombosed abdominal aorta beyond origin of the renal arteries as indicated by the white arrowhead.
 Case 2. Computed tomography scan showing mesenteric cyst (white arrow).
 Hyperintense hepatic lesion in T2- weighted images.
 IRM du cavum: épaississement diffus de la paroi postérieure du rhinopharynx
 Axial contrast-enhanced thorax CT image. Hypodense, well-defined mass with capsular wall and internal septae, situated at the inner part of the left breast. The lesion shows capsular enhancement.
 Postoperative CT scanThe non-contrast enhanced CT axial image demonstrates post-Whipple changes and a hypodense lesion in the pancreatic body/tail remnant (white arrow).
 The incision extends along the anterior third of the ilium and curves mesially along the lateral border of the sartorius.
 Caesarean section scar ectopic pregnancy.
 Computed tomography scan of the brain at admission.
 Contrast enhanced computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis (axial section) reveals thickened ileum loop extending into the cecum (arrow).
 Axial fluid-attenuated inversion-recovery image shows thickening of the grey matter around the sylvian fissure bilaterally with irregular cortex (arrows) and widening the fissures
 CT abdomen demonstrating calcification at the head of the pancreas
 Computed tomography of the abdomen demonstrating the cyst containing an air-fluid level.
 Contrast-Enhanced Abdominal Computed Tomography Showing a Large Cystic Mass (Hydatid Cyst) Lesion Located on the Subdiaphragmatic Surface at Segment 7 - 8 of the Liver
 Computed angiography showing a large-sized renal vein aneurysm (white arrow) arising from the left renal vein (black arrow).
 Abdominal CT showed markedly dilated small bowel and a portion of colonic wall thickening.
  Postoperatively, posterior stroma layer of incision showing hyporeflective belts (thin white arrow), hyperreflective belts (thin black arrow), dot-like hyperreflection (thick black arrows), and microfold(thick white arrow).
 Sagittal sequence of CT shows intestinal incarceration in the right thoracic cavity through the hole through which a part of the liver has herniated (arrow)
 A repeat CT thorax shows the effusion has resolved following conservative management
 X-ray anteroposterior view of pelvis with both hip joints showing the technique of measurement of limb length discrepancy. On the affected side, the vertical distance from a line connecting the inferior margins of the two teardrops, to the most medial margin of the lesser trochanter is measured. The same is performed on the other side, and the difference between the two distances represents the limb length discrepancy
 HEHE lesion (red arrow) and HCC (green arrow).
 CT scan showing a large cystic lesion in the head of the pancreas in a patient with MD-IPMN
 Enhanced computed tomography (CT) imaging of the abdomen. The patient underwent abdominal CT scanning at the time of hospitalization, and a large amount of gas within the peritoneal cavity was detected, which is known as pneumoperitoneum (PM).
 Axial T2 MR image of the cervical spine at the level of C1-C2 shows ectasia of the thecal sac (arrow).
 Computed tomographic scan of sagittal section followed by myelography showing no stenosis in the central spinal canal
  a Measurement of processus aboralis fracture block width; the width of the example shown was 14.93 mm. b Measurement of processus aboralis fracture block height; the height in the example shown was 15.31 mm
 Computed tomography scan of October 10, 2015: Continued regression, significantly improved hepatic tissue.
 Whole brain regression analysis with scores on recombined pairs condition of CSDLT (Stage 2). Results are superimposed onto an anatomical MRI and displayed in the sagittal plane. Results show that gray matter in the hippocampus significantly co-vary with spatial navigational strategies (MNI space coordinates x = 26.0, y = −37.8, z = −3.2; t = 3.53, p < 0.0005).
 Transthoracic echocardiogram. Modified 4-chamber view: enlarged (40–55 mm) right ventricular cavity with the thickened moderator band and free right ventricular wall thinning below the tricuspid annulus and in the apical segment
 Magnetic resonance imaging image of orbital adnexal mass.
 Coupe sagittale de l’IRM montrant un kyste hémorragique de la vésicule séminale, en hypersignal en T1
 Right rectus sheath haematoma
 Transesophageal echocardiogram showing severe aortic valve regurgitation and fistula between aortic sinus and the RVOT.
 Cross-view TEM image of Ti (430-190).
 USG shows a cystic lesion (arrow) with a hypoechoic area (arrowhead) in the left rectus abdominis muscle
 Fetal MRI showing large multiseptated cystic mass compressing trachea
  Lateral cervical spine fluoroscopic spot image demonstrating various lateral zones. Zones A, B, and C are described in the text. (Reprinted with permission from Ma D, Gilula LA, Riew KR. Complications of fluoroscopically guided extraforaminal cervical nerve blocks. An analysis of 1036 injections. J Bone Joint Surg Am 2005;87:1025–1030.)
 Short axis view shortly after exercise with normal dimensions and morphology of left and right ventricle.
 Case 2- Neovascularization on fourth day
 post-operative oeso-gastro-duodenal transit: appearances showing a complete.common mesentery with all of the small intestine loops shifted to the right of the midline. The duodenojejunal angle is not evident and is placed on the right.
 CT of the abdomen showing gas in right renal parenchyma with perinephric extension
 CT brain demonstrating areas of low attenuation in the left cerebellar and cerebral hemispheres suspicious for septic emboli.
 Coronary angiogram showing left main aneurysm (14 × 28) with obstructive leison at LAD ostial level.
 Intraoperative fluoroscopic image of the spine after fixation posteroanterior.
 Double-oblique SSFP showing no infundibulum and fibrous continuity of atrioventricular and ventriculoarterial valves consistent with left ventricular morphology. LV indicates left ventricle; PA, pulmonary artery; RA, right atrium. White oval indicates infundibulum asterisk (*) indicates liver.
 Six months post operative CT scan image of the brain showing resolved hydrocephalus.
 Computed tomography showing diffuse metastases to the spinal column and pelvis. This image exemplifies the propensity of signet-ring cells for bone and bone marrow, leaving other organs essentially untouched.
 Flare image.
 Chronic maxillary sinusitis
 CT scan showing the duodenal diverticulitis
 CT (sagittal view) showing retropharyngeal collection.
 Mild thickening of the tendon sheath of tibialis posterior with a small amount of fluid surrounding the tendon.
  Axial computed tomography showing marked focal expansion of the right frontal sinus with numerous septations and additional air cells. There is minor thinning of the dorsal wall of the frontal sinus.
 Panoramic view reveals edentulous site after extraction and disturbed presentation of mainly anterior part of the mandible
 Patient J.J., history of vomiting after feeding. Contrast-enhanced CT: tubular gastric duplication cyst on the posterior wall of the stomach, above the pancreas.
 Computed tomography showing a complete healing of the subphrenic abscess (arrow); aorta (Ao); liver (L); spleen (Sp); stomach (St).
 Extranodal location of follicular lymphoma in the small bowel mesentery (arrow)
 Axial section of CT scan showing osteolytic changes.
 Endoscopic ultrasound: hipoechogenic lesion in the pancreatic region.
 MRI of pelvis showed a cystic lesion within pelvic cavity which compressed the right border of bladder.
 Lateral chest radiograph after self‐expandable metallic stent insertion (red arrow head pointing to the area of stenosis).
 External vision of the surgical field: one 10/12-mm umbilical port and three 3-mm ancillary ports.
 Plate and screw fixation of an angulated fifth metacarpal neck fracture in a high school running back
 Computed tomographic scan demonstrates right femoral hernia with incarcerated small bowel.
 AP chest radiograph 12 hours after admission.
 Ultrasonography image showing left eye and homogeneously hypoechoic mass (arrow) in left extraconal space
 Coronal reconstruction of computed tomography angiography (CTA): stenosis of subclavian artery.
 Intra-operative view showing the surgical approach to the larynx. A 5-cm transverse cervical neck incision at the level of crico-thyroid membrane is performed, and the left thyroid lamina is identified and its superior half is removed in order to expose the neoplasm, occupying the left paraglottic space down to the superior aspect of the cricoid.
 Axial computerized tomography scan of the head showing a hyperintense signal in the bilateral occipital lobes (red arrows)
 Chest X-ray 10 days later showing resolution of chyle leak.
 CT of left wrist indicating hamate hook fracture.
 Scintigraphic osteoarthritis changes in the ankle and small joints
 Coronal reformatted image showed explicitly the hypoattenuating mass lesion with perilesional invasion and air loculi. The narrow fistulous tract between the mass lesion and hepatic flexure was clearly shown with transmural invasion. The ascending colon was dilated.
 Both ends of the stent are expanded and a subsequent contrast-medium study using a ureteric catheter confirms the good position of stent.
 TTE Subcostal window. Long‐axis IVC plane. Color Doppler interrogation of jet from the return port of VV ECMO cannula adequately positioned within right atrium and directed towards tricuspid valve post‐repositioning of the cannula.
 Sagittal T2-weighted MRI scan showing the dorsal spinal cord with hyperintensity involving the posterior and lateral columns before treatment.
 Radiological image of the calcification of the patellar tendon.
 Radiographie thoraco-abdominale et des membres de face: déminéralisation de l'ensemble de la trame osseuse notamment des os longs. On note plusieurs fractures pathologiques avec des cals vicieux sur les os longs des membres
 Hypoechoic tumor of the head of the pancreas (carcinoma – marked with crosses). Metastases to peripancreatic lymph nodes (arrows)
 Computerized tomography: An enlarged prostate showing calcifications with expansive growth and compression of the rectum.
 Lateral neck x-ray shows goiter extension to pretracheal and paratracheal area
 The endocardial shell of the left atrium was created by FAM function with Carto3 system. The track (blue bar) was mapped by pulling the ST catheter out of the left atrium pass through the puncture site
 Three-dimentional reconstruction demonstrating MLSS screw construct
 Sagittal view of L-S spine showing absolute stenosis at L5-S1 measuring 0.98 mm.
 Conventional sialography of the right submandibular gland (axial projection), the stenotic segment of the right Wharton’s duct can be seen (arrow) (courtesy of Czasopismo Stomatologiczne)
 Computed tomography (CT) scan: Anterio-posterior AP reconstruction – tumor located in the head and body of the pancreas – visible margin of pancreatic head.
 Axial CT scan with bone reconstructions showing widened foramen ovale (right side-arrow, left side-arrowhead).
 T1 weighted MRI orbits show soft tissue replacing fat in the medial left orbit is isointense with the adjacent recti and it is suggestive of a soft tissue deposit (white arrows).
 CECT scan showing a homogenous isodense soft tissue mass (3.2 × 4.5 cm) in the region of left lobe of thyroid.
 Frontal plain radiograph showing multiple soft tissue calcifications within and outside the joint capsule of the right knee
 Chest X-ray showing right-sided pleural effusion and cardiomegaly
 MRI revealed a 11 × 9 mm mass located in flexor tendons which has intermediate signal on T1-weighted images and hyperintense signal on T2-fat weighted images.
 Post trauma CT scan axial view showing bilateral condylar fracture, left condyle sagittal fracture evident.
 Obturation w.r.t. 21, 22
 Case 6: AOT
 Destruction of the distal part of the 5th metacarpal.
 Computed tomography head showing intraventricular hemoorhage
 ADC MRI showing mismatch bilateral ACA territory.
 Viral pneumonia. Unevenly distributed interstitial lesions in the lungs (←→), spared areas (↑) and small subpleural consolidations (↓). A linear probe
 Axial proton density spin echo MRI shows abnormal tiny tubular structures with signal void suspected as small collaterals in the supracerebellar and retropulvinar cisterns associated with similar findings in both thalami
 Elderly male with left inguinal hernia. CT scan of the pelvis shows a left inguinal hernia containing fat, as well as a part of the urinary bladder
 A 19-year-old woman, NMR examination performed one month after trauma. T1-weighted image, coronal plane: fracture within the scaphoid waist.
 Contrast-enhanced CT (axial view). The cystic lesion was located anterior to the submandibular gland under the platysma and the margin of the mass was enhanced, suggesting a cystic lesion (arrow).
 Axial CT section of the patient’s abdomen showing a left saccular infrarenal aortic aneurysm
 Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography image of a 42-year-old woman presenting with a choledochal cyst 68 months after receiving a cholecystectomy.
 Tomodensitométrie thoracique: Micronodules parenchymateux pulmonaires
 Pelvic ultrasound showing thickening of the posterior bladder wall and diffuse hyperechoic plaques
 Teleradiograph; the enlargement is also observed.
 Lateral cephalograph of a sample patient before maxillo-mandibular advancement surgery
 Chest radiographs showing large amounts of pleural effusion and a fracture in the seventh right rib.
 Pancréatite stade E sur le scanner abdominal
 Thoracolumbar back muscle volumes were measured from T10 to L2 in T2 weighted magnetic resonance images.
 X-ray of the left tibia. Anteroposterior plain film of the left tibia showing fibrous dysplasia.
 Follow-up coronal FLAIR image one month later demonstrating complete resolution of the hyperintensity noted previously.
 Abdominal CT from patient 3 showing a 6-mm hypoenhancing pancreatic head mass.
 Chest X-ray on day 1 of patient 1.
 Axial section of NCCT abdomen showing dilated bowel loops with the mango seed (arrow)
 Axial contrast-enhanced MDCT after SPK transplantation. End-to-side anastomosis is used to connect the donor’s portal vein (white arrow) to the recipient’s right common iliac vein (white arrowhead). Homogeneous fluid collections adjacent to the pancreatic graft are observed. Black arrow right common iliac artery; black arrowhead left common iliac artery; white asterisk pancreatic graft; black asterisk renal graft
 Barium swallow showing 2 oesophageal diverticula
 Location of Measurements Taken with Contoured Vessels and Pelvic Fields in Place
 T1-weighted temporal bone MRI showing a homogenous mass with increased signal intensity relatively to the brain. Arrows indicate the mass.
 Transvaginal colour Doppler image of 32 week gestation pregnancy. Flash artifact noted in red on the image due to fetal movement. This can be mistaken for vasa praevia.
 Panoramic view showing obturation of unilateral three rooted mandibular left first premolar
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: cystic dilatation of the pancreatic branches communicating with the dilated MPD suggestive of an IPMT.
 CT scan of the chest showing the mass lesion originating mainly from the fifth rib, with involvement of the adjacent fourth and sixth ribs, compressing the adjacent lung parenchyma
 Abdominal CT scan showing a giant splenic pseudocyst with net lining, and a diameter of 20 cm.
 Fourteen-year-old male pitcher. Coronal T2 fat saturated. Edema is seen on both sides of the medial epicondylar physis and throughout the medial epicondyle (arrow). Edema is also present at the ulnar collateral ligament insertion on the sublime tubercle (curved arrow).
 Ultrasonographic aspect of the paravesical cystic lesions
 Radiographie de l'avant bras de face et de profil montrant une fracture de la diaphyse radiale avec une angulation antérieure (flèche 1), associée à un décollement épiphysaire stade II de Salter et Harris de l'extrémité distale de l'ulna (flèche 2) soit une fracture équivalente à la fracture de Galeazzi
 Barium enema of case 2
 Location of measures of signal and background noise from a short axis image in a newborn infant
 Panoramic radiography of the patient before extraction of the left maxillary central and lateral incisor in 2011.
 B-scan ultrasound of the right eye with vitreous opacity
 VCUG demonstrating left grade II VUR and right grade IV VUR.
 Full thickness supraspinatus rotator cuff tear (arrow). Notice the dark fluid with some increased echogenicity within the tear. This is actually the subacromial bursa which has filled in the defect created by the cuff tear. (Photo Courtesy of Jay Smith, MD)
 Coronary reconstruction of the patients' CT scan on the level of the femur (f) and os ischium (oi). Panel a shows a subcutaneous fistula (arrow) reaching the levator ani (triangles). In b, the subcutaneous abscess (star) is linked over a fistula (arrow) with the skin. In c, the presacral space is filled with abscess (star) whereas bilateral lymph nodes are visible (triangles)
 Coronary angiography in the right anterior oblique projection with caudal angulation after predilation, shows 2 large obtuse marginal branches (arrows) at the distal left circumflex artery with poor antegrade flow and heavy atherothrombotic burden.
 Contrast enhanced CT section at the level of the right subhepatic space. A large multilobular cystic mass of the right liver lobe is present extending to the subhepatic space.
 MRI using the standards described for viewing the coracoclavicular ligaments of a patient who underwent surgical treatment for ACD.
 Normal cornea
 Duodenal GIST. Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan in a 35-year-old female show a well-defined heterogeneously enhancing mass (arrow) along the second part of the duodenum
 Unstable distal radius fracture; X-ray lateral view.
 Detecting the candidate.
 No relevant findings evident on orthopantomogram examination
 32-year-old male with multifocal renal carcinoid and thyroid metastases. B. Contrast-enhanced axial CT shows multiple enhancing nodules within the right moiety, mild right hydronephrosis and a 2.5 cm left adrenal mass. [Powerpoint Slide]
 Ankle X ray of 11 year old boy, showing ovoid sclerotic lesions in distal end of Tibia and Fibula.
 Bilateral pulmonary emboli with pulmonary nodule.
 CT scan of the splenic cyst (arrow).
 CT: remodeling and bone erosion. Note the thickness of the soft tissues (edema, inflammation)
 Abdominal computerized tomography shows marked dilatation of the distal ileum and no obstructive lesion.
 Orthopantomograph showing massive resorption in lower border of mandible
 Longitudinal sonogram showing periappendiceal fluid collection in a ruptured appendix
 Chest X-ray showing pneumothorax on right side
 One view captures a carcinoid tumor in the ileum (C) and a hypoechoic mass in the mesentery, which is greater than the primary lesion
 Orbital pseudotumor causing stare of the left eyeball.
 2 years later. It is seen that lesion was completely healed radiographically.
 Transthoracic echocardiography of the patient revealing prominent trabeculations and intertrabecular recesses in the left ventricle
 Minimal greater trochanter (GT) arc length and high position of the tip of the GT in relation to the head center predicts early impingement of the GT to the ilium. A bone spur (osteophyte) at the tip of the GT (white arrowhead) may further limit impingement-free range of motion
 Axial CT scan showing a large lesion related to the stomach in the left upper quadrant
 T1 weighted image showing mild swelling of mid cervical cord (arrow).
 Contrast esophagram without extravasation.
 Coronal fat-saturated T2-weighted image demonstrates tendinopathy and tear of the common extensor tendon (white arrow) as well as tear of the proximal lateral ulnar collateral ligament (black arrow). Note associated bone marrow edema of the lateral epicondyle (star).
 Intraarticular extension of osteosarcoma (15-year-old girl). Axial T2-weighted image demonstrates a tumor in the proximal humerus infiltrating into the shoulder joint within effusion (arrow).
 Intralesion injection of the gestational sac using a guided transducer.
 Coronal CT image of the abdomen and pelvis using soft tissue window levels. A destructive soft tissue mass is centered in the right acetabulum with a typical “sunburst” pattern of osteoid matrix (white arrow). Diffuse infiltration of the spine with myeloma is also noted.CT- Computed Tomography
 MRI showing cord compression due to anterior translation of the axis over atlas in a subject with atlantoaxial instability.
 Panoramic radiograph reveals a multilocular and mixed radiolucent/radiopaque expansile lesion extending from the right second premolar to the left canine of the maxilla, showing a soap bubble appearance in the middle third of the lesion, and an ill-defined radiopacity in the left third of the lesion.
 Dissecting aneurysm of descending aorta with false lumen (black arrow)
 5 months after operation.
 After 3 month pain-free interval, neurogenic claudication symptoms returned. Six-month postoperative CT scan shows subsidence of graft and ossification of annular bulge causing stenosis.
 Axial noncontrast CT image shows the enlarged left internal mammary lymph node with biopsy needle inside and the intracapsular rupture of the left breast implant (arrow).
 Orthopantomogram showing supernumerary premolar
 Postoperative ultrasound demonstrates patent portal venous system. See arrow.
 Axial high resolution ultrasound (8MHZ) images showing a cystic lesion in the upper lid. A coiled structure with parallel echogenic wall is seen within it (white arrow), which represents the worm
 CT scan of chest following massive hemoptysis, demonstrating occlusion of the bronchus intermedius and ground glass and consolidative opacities in the right middle lobe.
 Plain lateral radiographic view without evidence of changes in shape and skeletal structure.
 Axial FLAIR image showing hyperintensities in bilateral frontal subcortical white matter and genu of corpus callosum
 CMR axial four-chamber view: mass in the right atrial cavity protruding through the tricuspid valve into the right ventricle.
 Second-look ultrasound of the nodule in figure 1. US shows homogeneous splenic-like echogenicity of the nodule in the paracolic space, thus confirming its splenic origin.
 Chest radiograph showing dextrocardia and chronic interstitial markings from Kartagener's syndrome.
 Contrast enhanced abdominopelvic CT scan. Coronal reformation demonstrating left renal hypoplasia with compensatory right renal hypertrophy. The right adrenal gland is heavily calcified.
 Cervical mass attachment to the endometrial cavity.
 Antero-Posterior View of Femoral Segment
 Patient with slightly deformed hips and knees with lateral femoral condyle hypoplasia and hypoplastic intercondylar notch (see arrow)
 Double echo pre-contrast MRI. This is a representative frame of a double echo MRI of 6-month old SV40-lacZ mouse bladder indicating the different scanning positions. A movie is illustrated in additional file 2.
 Case 2. CT imaging of the pelvis without contrast product injection. Cystic osteolytic bony lesions with a sclerotic rim within the right iliac crest and the left sacral bone. Note the exceptional cortical osteolysis of the right iliac crest (black arrow).
 Adnexal cyst demonstrated in the pelvic computed tomography scan
 Right middle cerebral artery stenosis and moyamoya phenomenon in non-reconstructed two-dimensional CT angiography.
 T1W saggital image showing evidence of central hypodensity in the thoracic cord suggestive of syrinx
 Abdominal computed tomography-scan demonstrating 7 cm fecaloma in the transverse colon.
 Chest X-ray showing changes of acute respiratory distress syndrome and pleural effusion on left side
 MRI diagnosis of a tumour spread beyond the muscularis propria is based upon the presence of tumour signal extending into the perirectal fat with a broad-based bulging or nodular configuration in continuity with the intramural portion of the tumour.
 Aspect I.R.M du poignet droit, montrant le scaphoïde en place
 Lateral view X-ray of thoraco-lumbar spine showing biconcave vertebrae and wedge vertebra and T10-L1 vertebrae augmentation with bone cement.
 Pre-operative computed tomography. White arrows indicate the carotid arteries.
 A/B-scan ultrasonography of an eye with posterior staphyloma in the study group
 Correct position after removal of earlier central venous catheter
 Coronal T1 fat-saturated postgadolinium: solid mass enhancing the gadolinium, located within retroconal, pre- and post-septal, and inferolateral regions.
 MRI of the lumbar spine in sagittal projection showing critical long segment spinal cord compression extending approximately from the T12, left paraspinal intramuscular hematoma level, inferiorly to the L5.
 Ultrasonography showing a 2-cm tumor located in the right upper thyroid gland (arrowheads).
 Chest X-ray after reintubation. Arrow: tip of ETT is at the thoracic inlet.
 Pleural metastases: Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan showing nodular pleural thickening (arrows) involving the costal and mediastinal pleura with malignant pleural effusion in a case of metastatic ovarian adenocarcinoma
 Upper gastrointestinal contrast study showing dilated stomach in the upper-right quadrant of the abdomen, duodenojejunal flexure to the left of the midline and cork screw appearance suggestive of volvulus
 Sagittal CT scan of cervical spine demonstrates punctate calcifications of tracheal and laryngeal cartilages.
  The isodose curve distribution of tumor after seed implantation from CT scan. The inner green curve represents GTV. The ellipses are isodose lines of 160, 120, 80 Gy from inside, respectively.
 It is visualized that normal blood flow is maintained in woven right coronary artery, distal to anomalous segment (case 3).
 US of a 29-year-old woman (postpartum 4 months) with a lactating adenoma. US shows a 2-cm, ill-defined, hypoechoic lesion which was categorized as a suspicious lesion (category 4A) and followed-up with a US-guided core biopsy. The histopathological diagnosis was a lactating adenoma.
 MRI demonstrated not only the liver cyst (large arrow) but also a 10 × 6 cm posterior mediastinal cyst (small arrow) without any communication to the neural foramina.
 Preoperative OPG showing moth eaten irregular radiolucency in left mandibular parasymphysis body region with enlarged and torturous mandibular canal; adjacent teeth are displaced
 CECT chest showing atrophied muscle mass on the right side (arrows)
 Postoperative aspect of the left shoulder after surgical recovery by locked plate.
 The axial view of computed tomographic angiography (CTA) revealed a dumbbell-shaped aorta (arrow) with hemothorax and hemomediastinum consistent with a ruptured thoracic aortic pseudoaneurysm.
 A 51-year-old woman presenting with sensorineural hearing loss and tinnitus. Axial precontrast T1-weighted MR image depicts diffuse high signal intensity in the right cochlea (arrow), which is suggestive of hemorrhage or the presence of fluid with high protein content in the labyrinth. This should be compared with the normal signal intensity of the left cochlea (arrowhead).
 Nomal portal bload flow with complete (14x20 mm) and in parenchimal part (9x19 mm). recanalisation after four months.
 Brain computed tomography shows an infarction in the occipital lobe (arrows).
 X-ray bilateral hands oblique view, showing extensive scalloping and partial absorption of distal and middle phalanges
 Time-of-flight angiography image of the posterior communicating artery with a perforating branch on 7.0-Tesla MRI. Sagittal slab maximum intensity projection (thickness 7 mm)
 Preoperative radiograph of tooth 46 and 47
 Sagittal MRI brain with enlarged pituitary and suprasellar cyst.
  Imaging inspection. Mammography revealed a small irregular dense shadow in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast.
 Chest X-ray (PO 4 months). A chest X-ray reveals an improved clear field in the right lung.
 Radiographic measurements. Radiographic measurements were performed on the postero-anterior view of the forearm and hand. HFA (Hand Forearm Angle), HFP (Hand Forearm Position), UL (Ulnar Length), UB (Ulnar Bow).
 T2 FLAIR MRI revealing 1 cm hyperintense parasellar mass with a possible fluid-hematocrit level (a) and T1 weighted image with gadolinium that demonstrates a nonenhancing parasellar mass (b)
 CT scan transverse view with hyperdense pericardial effusion.
 Resting apical 2-chamber view, 10 beats post-flash, demonstrating absent perfusion to the anterior myocardial wall.
 Cross-sectional image of anterior chamber. Intraocular lens includes body (white arrow) and loop (white arrowhead)
 Abdominal-pelvic computerized tomography showed a lesion at the lower one third of the left ureter.
 Anteroposterior chest X-ray following endotracheal tube placement showing hyperinflated lungs with multiple areas of hyperlucency on the left lung base and left apex, surrounded by a thin linear demarcation (arrows).
 Axial computed tomography (CT) scan at the level of the aortic arch shows an expansile mass with areas of ground-glass attenuation and irregular calcification in left fourth to sixth ribs.
  Postoperative sagittal computed tomography angiogram demonstrating patency across the vertebral artery injury repair site.
 Radiographic control after one year in site to the right.
 X-ray of left arm and forearm (anteroposterior view) shows a wide gap between humerus and forearm bones suggestive of wide separation at physis secondary to distraction
 Subchondral cysts called Ely's cysts (arrows).
 Ascending colon inflammation.
 CT scan showing presacral mass
 Sagittal view MRI scans of the patient's left ankle showing rupture of the Achilles tendon.
 Radiograph showing the forces acting on the hip joint during a single-leg stance under equilibrium conditions.Gravitational force W, hip joint reaction force F, abductor force A, femoral shaft axial line S, abductor muscle moment arm l, force of gravity moment arm d, and femoral offset n.
 Optical coherence tomography scan of the right eye at the first visit. Optical coherence tomography revealed a defect (wide transparent white arrow) from the ellipsoid zone to the RPE/Bruch's complex layer with a diameter of 360 μm, with a pigment disorder in adjacent areas from the external limiting membrane to RPE/Bruch's complex layer. The inset image at the bottom right corner shows the normal appearance of the macular region. RPE = retinal pigment epithelium.
 Longitudinal and transverse abdominal CT with contrast enhancement demonstrated the inflamed lesion (arrow) adjacent to the descending colon and showed an oval area of fat attenuation with a diameter of 2.4 cm surrounded by a hyperattenuating ring.
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomographic scout view of the abdomen showing splenic subcapsular hematoma with loss of normal structure and normal density of the lower pole, consistent with acute spontaneous splenic rupture.
 T1 FS postcontrast axial MRI image through the pelvis showing enhancing septations within the mass lesion anterior lateral to the urinary bladder.
 The procedure for determining the ROI for US-CAD analysis.After the ROI was drawn along the border of the mass, its ultrasonographic features were analyzed automatically by US-CAD and a final assessment was produced. ROI, region of interest; US, ultrasonography; CAD, computer-aided diagnosis.
 Distal femur radiograph.Notes: Anteroposterior radiograph of the distal femur of a 23-year-old woman presenting with enlargement of distal thigh with occasional pain. Image shows a large mineralized mass.
 The CT scan when admitted.
 Axial T2-weighted MRI of his cervical spine showed that the lesion is slightly to the right of the midline.
  Left Ventriculogram RAO View: Showing typical apical ballooning and hypercontractile basal segments.
 Initially, a venoarterial loop was created, but the duct occluder sheath could not be advanced due to difficult angulation (Reproduced with permission from reference 3)[3]
 Echocardiogram showing left atrial myxoma (arrow).
 CT findings showed multiple metastases to the lungs.
 Total hip arthroplasty was performed.
 In precontrast phase, one 0.5 cm upper calix stone was found. One 0.5 cm intracollecting system stone at left upper calix (arrow).
  Preoperative coronal computed tomography shows heterogeneity occupying the right sphenoid sinus with signs of calcification.
 T2 Sagittal scan (5a) showed hyperintense signal involving midbrain, pontine tegmentum, dorsal medulla and cervical cord with cord expansion
 Invasive giant prolactinoma invading the frontal lobe anteriorly (black arrow) and impinging on the pons posteriorly (white arrow)
 CT scan of neck reveals a tumor mass at the bifurcation of the right carotid artery
 Gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of Case 2. The enhanced thickening of dura mater due to hypertrophic pachymeningitis is observed (arrows).
 Post-operative chest CT. Arrow indicates chest tube with residual post-operative pneumothorax.
 Showing Chest X-ray PA view of patient.
  PTVeval post‐modification with green heart avoidance structure and volume no longer wrapping around the chest wall adjacent to the heart.
 A 49-year-old woman with ovarian cancer and peritoneal carcinomatosis. Axial contrast-enhanced CT image shows small soft tissue nodules (curved arrows) within the greater omentum associated with large volume ascites. There is no retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis showing a right inguinal lymph node mass measuring up to 11.3 cm × 6.3 cm
 TTE view of one of our patients showing hypoechoic mobile mass lesion of 30 mm × 16 mm inside the right atrium consistent with thrombus material and successful closure of ASD
 Lumbar spine MRI T2WI sagittal view shows L5-S1 disc degeneration and protruding disc compressing the thecal sac.
 Coronary angiography depicting the severely tortuous coronary artery fistula originating from the proximal left anterior descending artery.
 Landmarks for cephalometric analysis: S – sella: center of sella turcica; SD – dorsum sellae: most posterior point of sella turcica; SI – floor of sella; N – nasion: most anterior point of the nasofrontal suture; A point: deepest point on the mid-sagittal plane between anterior nasal spine and supradentale; B point: deepest point on the mid-sagittal plane between infradentale and pogonion; Pog – pogonion: most anterior point of the contour of the chin; Gn – gnathion: most anterior and inferior point on the contour of the chin; Me – menton: most inferior point on the contour of the mandibular symphysis; Go – gonion: most posterior and inferior point on the contour of the mandible angle; Ar – articulare: intersection of the sphenoid and posterior border of the condyle; Or – orbitale: lowermost point of the bony orbit; Ba – basion: lowest and most anterior point of the foramen magnum; UIT – upper incisor tip; UIAx – upper incisor apex; LIAx – lower incisor apex; LIT – lower incisor tip; LMM – lower molar mesial cusp; LMMAx – lower molar mesial apex; UMM – upper molar mesial apex; UMMAx – upper molar mesial cusp; Po – porion: most superior point of the external auditory meatus; ANS – anterior nasal spine; PNS – posterior nasal spine; Co – condylion: most superior and posterior point of the condylar head; DC – point: midpoint at the neck of the condyle; UIF – upper incisor facial: most anterior point on the facial surface of the upper incisor crown; LIF – lower incisor facial: most anterior point on the lower incisor crown; SPN – soft pronasale: the tip of the nose; LS – soft labrale sup.: the most anterior point of the upper lip; LI – soft labrale inf.: the most anterior point of the lower lip; S-Pog – soft pogonion; S-Gn – soft gnathion; S-Me – soft menton; Xi – point: a point at the center of the mandible ramus, opposite the mandible foramen; PTM: the lowest point of the contour of the pterygomaxillary fissure; D point: the center of the symphysis
 Hypoechoic mass involving tricuspid annulus. Echocardiography apical four chambers view showing a hypoechoic mass involving tricuspid annulus and right ventricle outflow tract (arrow).
 Abdominal x-ray showing very dilated colon down to the rectosigmoid junction.
 CT showing presence of hyperdense lesion in the right parietal region with stippled calcification on the periphery.
 TVS color Doppler showing adnexal mass with color flow in the trophoblastic tissue
 CT scan showing pericardial (dashed arrow) and bilateral pleural effusion (solid arrows).
 Subtle dilated distal esophageal lumen with acute tapering at the lower esophageal sphincter and narrowing at the esophagogastric junction was shown in esophagography.
 Radiation-induced osteosarcoma 10 years after radiotherapy of a 53-year-old man. Axial contrast-enhanced CT image showed a large heterogeneous tumor, with a large amount of tumor bone formation, arising from the right mandibular ramus destroying the right masseter muscle and medial pterygoid muscle (arrows)
 Two-dimensional electrophoresis of rat kidney proteins.Note: The arrows show the specific spot numbers of proteins.
 Anterior mediastinal-pulmonary opacity associated with a right pleural
 Magnetic resonance imaging showed mild sinusitis with normal brain structures.
 Admission axial CT showing 3 × 2 cm2 region of evolving low attenuation within the deep white matter of the right temporoparietal junction, at the posterior margin of the sylvian fissure, containing a 7 mm high attenuation nidus anteriorly
 CT taken two days after the surgery. No significant stenosis at the distal anastomosis site.
 Chest X-ray of the patient
 Coronal fluid attenuation inversion recovery (FLAIR) MRI through the posterior brain showing bilateral patchy areas of high signal within the subcortical white matter of right occipital lobe and left parietal lobe.
 Postoperative bladder exteriorization cystogram.
 The girl: computed tomography of the thorax, done shortly after admission to hospital, showing infiltrations in the basal dorsal thorax following aspiration.
 Computed tomography (CT) of the abdomen and pelvis. A large 4.7 centimeter (cm) lobulated hypodense mass is shown in the region of the porta hepatis likely secondary to the tumor mass.
 The resected tumor of the right kidney measured 10×15.5 cm in size.
 12,13,15 and 16 showed ghost-like but 14 not affcted as other
 Preoperative ultrasound image (white arrow points to the embedded needle).
 OPG radiograph.
 Transthoracic echocardiography showinglarge vegetation attached to anterior mitral leaflet
 Parasternal long axis echocardiographic view showing the measurement of the anterior (AML) and posterior (PML) mitral leaflets
 Right atrial myxoma. Echocardiogram shows a large echogenic mass filling the right atrium.
 Chest radiograph showing the projecting abnormal giant upper mediastinal shadow (arrow).
 Position of catheters in left anterior oblique (LAO) views during cavo-tricuspid isthmus (CTI) ablation. Two decapolar diagnostic catheters were placed in the coronary sinus and in the lateral right atrium wall. An IntellaTip MiFi XP® 8 mm RF catheter was positioned the 6 o'clock position across the CTI.
 CT scan showing massive right adrenal hemorrhage.
 Chest 3D CT scan, volume rendering technique (VRT), evaluating the tumor mass
 Axial computed tomography image of Case 1. Loss of lobulation of the pancreas and small amounts of peripancreatic fluid are observed.
 CT scan of the chest showing a lobulated mass with heterogeneous enhancement, compressing the mediastinum, right main bronchus and right pulmonary artery.
 Radiograph of bilateral THA at follow-up: anatomic stem on the left side and right straight stem on the right side
 X-ray after percutaneous screw fixation of the scaphoid (patient F).
 CBCT shows a large KCOT in the right maxillary sinus causing expansion of the medial and lateral sinus wall. The border of the lesion is apparent and well-circumscribed.
 Axial–oblique view of maximum intensity projection reconstruction image of MR angiogram shows a right renal artery ostial stenosis (arrow)
 Axial section of computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis: a 31 mm calculus was present in bladder; the stone contained gas in its matrix. Findings of gas within the matrix of vesical calculus indicated that urine infection due to gas forming organisms such as Escherichia coli or Candida albicans had been present for some time.
 CT-scan demonstrating fluid collections in the left lateral pharyngeal space (arrow).
 Preoperative radiographs showing a bone cystic defect in his proximal interphalangeal joint of right index finger.
 Ascites and echogenic foci in the tumor.
 Circumferential tumor location.Ulceroinfiltrative cancer mass is observed in rectal wall from 1 o'clock to 8 o'clock position in clockwise direction (arrowheads). Metastatic lymph node abutting left posterolateral side of mesorectal fascia (arrow) is also noted, which predicts tumor involvement of CRM. CRM = circumferential resection margin
 Coronary angiogram after stent implantation demonstrates adequate luminal diameter of distal right coronary artery but residual thrombus.
 MRI: T1-weighted image revealed a significant enlargement of the pancreatic tail.
 Thyroid ultrasound demonstrating a 1.4 × 1.5 × 2 cm heterogenous nodule with internal calcifications in the right thyroid lobe.
 CT scan of the chest. Bronchial wall thickening and dilatation predominantly in the lower lung zones consistent with bronchiectasis can be seen.
 The MRI of our patient showed a double bladder with urinary output of both kidneys to the bladders.
 MRI of the lower abdomen and pelvis (sagittal fat-suppressed image) shows an ectopic pelvic location of the kidney (arrow). The prostate gland is not visualized
 Case 2 ultrasound image: The fetal bladder was enlarged, with the signal of umbilical artery blood flow only visible in one side of the bladder.
 No right coronary ostium was observed using aortography.
 Echocardiography revealing pleural effusion and fibrotic strands
 39-year-old woman with advanced breast cancer and nonvisualized sentinel node. FDG PET-CT axial image demonstrating the dominant suspicious lobular soft-tissue mass in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast, measuring 1.9 cm with a maximum SUV of 9.9. Focal metabolic activity was also noted corresponding to a benign-appearing, 1.4 × 0.9-cm, low-lying left axillary lymph node with maximum SUV of 1.6.
 The second hospitalization abdominal CT showed pleural effusion and new liver lesions (arrow).
 Still frame image showing size of the coronary artery aneurysms of the left anterior descending artery and circumflex artery.
 X-ray knee joint with leg (lateral view) showing calculation of metaphysio-diaphyseal angle
 An angiogram in a patient with a history of Fontan surgery presenting with desaturation, showing a large venovenous collateral arising from the left innominate vein and draining into the left inferior pulmonary vein
 Follow-up transthoracic echocardiography: the occluder at the level of the interatrial septum
 Sagittal T1 flair MRI image showing missing anterior part of the corpus callosum
 Renal angiography demonstrates no blood flow to the ruptured aneurysm after coil embolization (arrow)
 Oval canals. An axial view of CBCT often reveals the true cross-section of the canals. Maxillary canines and second premolars commonly have oval canals. Mandibular incisors, canines, and premolars, as well as distal roots of molars, commonly have oval canals
 Radiograph of group 2 after treatment
 coupe sagittale montrant le trichobézoard gastrique
 Skull X-ray in scaphocephaly lateral imaging
 Computed tomogram image showing a solitary lesion (white arrow) with aerial semilunar sign in the left chest.
 Post op imaging showing disease free status
 Landmarks selected: A1- CEJ of the tooth involved in the intrabony defect. B1- The most coronal position of the alveolar bone crest of the intrabony defect when it touches the root surface of the adjacent tooth (the top of the crest). D1- The most apical extension of the intrabony destruction where the periodontal ligament still retained its normal width (the bottom of the defect)
 (Case 3) Chest X-ray on admission
 Image scopique de face montrant une luxation postérieure de l’épaule gauche
 Unenhanced CT of the left kidney at the level of the excised mass, 5 months following tumor excision. The scan is at the same anatomic level as Figure 1. There are three small densities (arrows) in the periphery of the left kidney, adjacent to the surgical defect (D).
 CT Scan abdomen with evidence of intussusception at the transverse colon.
 Axial contrast-enhanced computed tomography image shows a right obturator lymph node metastasis in a patient with prostate carcinoma
 Video still of an apical 4-chamber view of the transthoracic echocardiogram of the case patient. Pericardial effusion is present along the right ventricle with the Durata lead tip visualized in the pericardial space, confirming perforation.
 Ventrodorsal subtraction venogram of the chest in a swine after simultaneous contrast injection into the right jugular vein and right femoral veins. Injection into the right femoral vein demonstrates the large hemiazygos trunks (HAV) draining into the coronary sinus (CS), which then communicates directly with the right atrium (RA). Injection into the right jugular vein shows normal right cranial/superior vena cava (RCSVC) draining into right atrium.
 NCCT Brain of the patient taken at onset showing hypodensities in brain stem
 CT imaging showing ‘wind-sock’ sign (coronal cut).
 Chest X-ray showing an air fluid level in the retrocardiac position.
 Lateral cephalogram
 Computed tomography showing CE in intramyocardial interventricular septum (arrow) (patient 1).
 Panoramic image of case XIII (44F) shows the osteoma located at the anterior surface of mandibular condyle.
 Fluorescein angiography OD reveals the hyperfluorescence of the optic disc due to vasculitis.
 Small pockets of pneumoperitoneum (circled) on index CT scan.
 Cephalometric landmarks
 Postoperative radiograph of internal fixator over fracture
 Image intensifier (a) and arthroscopic (b) images showing the insertion of a cannulated 4.5 mm trocar over a bottomed out nitinol guide wire, and c) a bent nitinol guide wire inserted into the peripheral compartment and past the medial capsule of the hip. A broken guide wire in that area is difficult to retrieve.
 Truncus intermedius-level cross-section.
 CT scan of the abdomen performed three months after resection of the left lobe of the liver demonstrating normal-appearing right lobe of the liver without evidence of new or recurrent metastatic disease.
 Post operative MRI scan showing intact ACL (sagittal view)
 Neck CT showing thrombosis of the right internal jugular vein and swelling of the right neck.
 Intraoperative radiograph of one patient. The entrance point avoided the fracture line during the placement of the first neck screw.
 A 53-year-old male with normal findings of the LAD (red arrow) and LCX (light green arrow). The calcium score was zero. The angle between the LAD and the LCX measures 73.7°.
 Triple sternal fracture involving the body as well as the upper and lower manubrium of the sternum
 PET-CT, sagittal plane, patient after implantation of the aortic graft. Arrow marks the focus of intensively increased glucose uptake in the retroperitoneal space, on the border of the abdominal aorta and the left iliac artery – limited inflammatory infiltration of the graft.
 Follow-up CT scan two years after initial examination shows marked regression of the mass with a tiny remaining cystic lesion in the right upper quadrant abdomen.
 Diagnostic radiographic exploration previous to treatment
 Intravasation of dye
 Entry of the catheter system into the right atrium as visualized by echocardiography. The catheter system was visualized entering the right atrium, close to the atrial septum in aortic short axis view by echocardiography. The green arrows indicate the position of the catheter system. AO, aorta; RA, right atrium; TV, tricuspid valve.
 Prefrontal voxel localization.
 Chest radiograph frontal view showing left-sided pneumothorax.
 Anterior Segment Optical Coherence Tomography.Corneal thickness between implant and anterior corneal surface was measured at 5 locations before (A) and after (B) bacterial inoculation.
 Angiography showing occluded LAD (white arrow) and severe lesion in the circumflex coronary artery (black arrow).
 Orthopantomogram showing no appreciable changes in the left condyle
 Postero-anterior chest radiogram showing mass lesion on left upper lobe
 Anomalous peroneal artery, crossing the ankle joint and consisting of several large branches forming an anastomosis in the region with associated false aneurysm.
 Magnetic resonance imaging brain, contrast enhanced scan saggital section image showing sellar – suprasellar mass, which is showing intense enhancement suggestive of pituitary adenoma
 Computerized tomography of the abdomen and pelvis with intravenous contrast showing an intact right renal artery originating from the right common iliac artery (indicated by an arrow).
 Cone beam CT image shows a sagittal view of impacted maxillary canine with severe dilaceration (arrow)
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan taken 6 months after reinjection of silicone oil. The T1-weighted image shows low signal intensity and the upper palpebral tissue has a moist appearance, suggesting edema or inflammation.
 Hydrometra.
 Hepatomegaly and innumerable hypovascular masses within the left lobe (largest: 12×10 cm).
 Lateral radiograph at one year after the operation showed completely united talonavicular joint.
 Postoperative radiograph of epiphysis capitis femoris after Southwick corrective osteotomy and stabilisation with external fixator type M20
 Coronal computed tomography scan showing destructive lesion on left angle of mandible extending into the ramus. Codman triangle and sunray appearance seen in the margin of the lesion
 On-table cholangiogram (OTC) demonstrating a single cystic duct (arrow) draining 2 separate gallbladders.
 Anteroposterior radiograph of the chest taken on the date of the patient’s 12-month follow-up appointment showing a pseudarthrosis of the first rib at the site of the first rib stress fracture (white arrow).
 Aortogram done with microcatheter showing severe discrete coarctation of aorta in anteroposterior view
 Transvaginal, sagittal sonogram demonstrating an intrauterine device in the left horn (bright white bar, see arrow).
 No signs of contrast extravasation were demonstrated after the procedure.
 Contrast-enhanced cerebral CT shows a brain abscess as a hypodense, oval shaped lesion with peripheral enhancement (white arrows) and surrounding oedema in the left parietal region
 Patient’s chest X-ray on admission
 CT examination, axial view showing dilatation of the proximal left renal vein and compression of the left renal vein between aorta and SMA (nutcracker syndrome). Perihepatic fluid collection and splenomegaly.
 Enlarged superior mesenteric vessels in coeliac disease. SMV – vein, SMA – artery
 CT-PET axial segment showing high uptake in the paravertebral soft tissue regions at L4/L5.
 Post contrast axial CT. Post contrast axial CT scan demonstrating a heterogeneous, well circumscribed lesion in the left pre-epiglottic space abutting the posterior surface of the hyoid bone at the junction of the body and the cornua.
 Initial axial brain MRI scan at 1 month.
 Preoperative computed tomography scan showing pelvic mass (arrow).
 Patient 1: Axial CT scan at age of 17 years shows a necrotic acetabular roof (arrow).
 Three-dimensional solid model constructed in Geomagic from µCT imaging, illustrating the bone (grey) and the cartilage (red). Both the bone and the cartilage were displayed very vividly in the µCT images, and highly accurate model geometry was achieved.µCT: micro computed tomography.
 Abdominal computed tomography scan. Focal thickening of gallbladder neck, a hugely distended and inflamed gallbladder as well as fluid in the anterior hepatic space (as indicated by the arrow) can be seen.
 Inflammation of the small bowel adipose tissue formed as a pseudotumor in the left abdomen in the transverse abdominal computed tomography (white arrow).
 Ultrasonogram of the left submandibular gland, salivary stone (9 mm) in the middle portion of the left Wharton’s duct (arrow), acoustic shadow behind the calculus. Dilated proximal segment of left Wharton’s duct (arrowhead) (own material).
 The surface anatomy of the external jugular vein, (indicated by the large arrows). The clavicle and sternocleidomastoid muscle are indicated by the small arrows.
 Antero-posterior (AP) caudal view showing distal segment of jailed wire being entangled by triple rescue wires.
 High parasternal short axis view with color flow mapping showing tiny ductal flow (left to right) with normal flow in the right pulmonary artery DAA-ductus arteriosus aneurysm, RPA-right pulmonary artery, LPA-left pulmonary artery, DAo-descening aorta. Ao arch-aortic arch, PDA-patent ductus arteriosus
 Determination of the angle and radius of curvature of the root canal. Method of Jonh Pruett et al. (6): (a) start and the (b) end of the canal curvature. (r1) radius of the curvature.
 Radiography showing the bone alteration (osteomyelitis) in the distal phalanx.
 Transthoracic echocardiography apical 4-chamber view showing normal left ventricle function, and moderate right ventricle hypertrabeculation.
 MRI showing bronchogenic cyst at gastroesophageal junction (Axial T2 GRASE (gradient and spin echo) with fat suppression.
 MRI brain T1-weighted with axial plane showed extra-axial CSF signal intensity lesion in the left side of the posterior fossa and the cistern magna suggesting arachnoid cyst with mild left cerebellar hypoplasia (Dandy Walker variant)
 TEE image of the LAA thrombus at time of first evaluation
 Preoperative radiograph showing proximal epiphysiolysis on the left side.
 Percutaneous cholangiogram showing gallstones and common bile duct stones.
 Restoration of TIMI3 flow in left coronary artery
 Diffuse subendocardial perfusion defect, detected by adenosine stress perfusion CMR, in a patient with HHD
 Chest X-ray, enlarged image of generator box. Radio-opaque labels are present on the lead (large circle) and device (smaller circle) to indicate that the device can be used with magnetic resonance imaging.
 - Adrenal mass
 Calcifying epithelial odontogenic tumor. A mixed radiolucent-radiopaque lesion with an unerupted tooth at the right posterior of mandible.
 A computed tomography scan performed after 3 cycles of chemotherapy showed a considerable reduction of the mass which compresses the left internal carotid artery.
 Coupe tomodensitométrique montrant une tumeur arrondie, bien limitée et hétérogène refoulant en bas le rein gauche et en haut l'estomac
 Coronal T1W MR image at suprasellar region of patient 2, shows hypoplasia of left optic nerve and hemiatrophy optic chiasm (arrow)
 The orthopantomogram demonstrating a well-circumscribed radio-opaque lesion in the left maxillary sinus
 Splenic subcapsular hematoma. Coronal contrast-enhanced CT image of a 18-year-old man demonstrates parenchymal, subcapsular splenic hematoma (arrow) and accompanying retroperitoneal hematoma (arrowheads). Devascularised left kidney is also noted
 Image intensifier images of right hand post closed reduction and insertion of Kirschner wires.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram parasternal long-axis view: the anterior mitral valve leaflet was markedly elongated, mildly thickened, and occupied the entire closure line of the mitral annulus with no contribution of the hypoplastic posterior leaflet.
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance image (MRI) showed diffuse cortical and medullary microcysts (1–2 mm), symmetric in both kidneys.
 Representative dose distribution of SBRT plan. Absolute doses for each isodose surface are represented as dose per fraction.
 Eye of tiger sign.Coronal T2WI shows eye of tiger sign (arrows) in patient with Hallervorden-Spatz syndrome. T2WI = T2weighted images
 X-ray of humerus anteroposterior view showing osteosarcoma of the proximal humerus- typical sun burst or sun ray appearance, new bone formation in soft tissues, and Codman's triangles (arrows)
 Postoperative computed tomographic scan of the vertebrae following kyphoplasty.
 Calculi in the calices of the inferior pole of the left kidney 15.5 mm, and interpolarly sized 6.5 mm
 X-ray with contrast in the passive stoma. Before closure of the stoma, an open passage over the anastomosis was secured.
 Skull X-ray anterior-posterior view showing no abnormal lesions.
 Liver steatosis grade 1. Liver parenchyma with slightly increased echogenicity and normal visualization of the diaphragm (arrow).
 Chest radiograph obtained in the immediate postpartum period showing bilateral pulmonary congestion and pleural effusion, indicating cardiogenic pulmonary edema.
 Bovine arch pattern scheme – common origin of the innominate artery (I) and left common carotid artery (L) subtype. Right subclavian artery (S). Right common carotid artery (R). Diagnostic catheter (arrow)
 An abdominal computed tomography scan showed a hepatic metastasis measuring 45 mm in the left hepatic lobe (segments 2/3).
 Post-operative radiograph showed the loose bodies were removed.
 Enhanced chest computed tomography (CT) scan revealing an improved pulmonary embolism in the right main pulmonary artery and left inferior pulmonary artery, as well as disappearance of the hydrothorax.
 18F-FDG PET/CT after six cycles of R-CHOP shows complete remission.
 Microscopic photograph of the limb of C1, with pinch marks visible between the arrows.
 CT, coronal slices.
 MRI (T1W-MRI) Without Contrast.It shows low signal intensity lesions in the proximal of the tibia and distal of the femur with joint space involvement.
 MRI of sella turcica at admission (August 2014): heterogeneous enlargement with peripheral contrast enhancement.
 Coronary angiography image obtained just after stent placement in the right coronary artery showing the good revascularization of the artery.
 T1 weighted magnetic resonance imaging showing healed Ttuberculosis of the spine for L4-L5 after 12 months of antituberculous therapy.
 Abdominal X-ray showing scattered air-fluid levels in minimally prominent small bowel loops (case  1).
 MRI without contrast showing T3 cord compression by a soft tissue mass (large arrow) and marrow signal changes in the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar vertebral bodies (small arrows).
 CT of thorax. It shows a round cystic tumor, with significant calcification in the right anterior mediastinum.
 Lateral views of plain X-ray skull that revealed classical honeycomb appearance lesion
 Anterior sacral meningocele. The cyst protrudes toward the ventral side of the sacrum and coccyx, the end of the spinal cord, which is located at the base of the bulging dural sac, sends out a band growing into the bulging dural sac, which results in spinal cord tethering
 Brain CT angiogram showing air bubbles along the sulci in the right frontal area and superior sagittal sinus. CT = computed tomography.
 CT based IMRT plan of Patient 10.
 Panoramic view of displaced mandibuler third molar root.
 Echocardiographic measurement of epicardial adipose tissue (EAT)(plus signs indicate epicardial area)
 In the middle part of the right hepatic artery, significant extravasations (E) of the contrast agent (with the fistula to one of the branches of the portal vein) were visualised. Note the tortuosity of the common hepatic (*) and splenic (#) arteries. The left gastric artery (g) has a normal appearance.
 Current chest X-ray
 A plain X-ray showing dispersed calcification close to the periosteum of the greater trochanter of the femur
 Abdominal CT Scan showing the initial area of patchy necrosis around the head of pancreas
 Myxome de l'oreillette gauche à l’échocardiographie transthoracique
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain T2 FLAIR sequence showing bilateral symmetrical hyperintensities in medial thalamus (Case 2)
 T2W axial MRI image showing bilateral symmetrical hyperintense lesions in corona radiata
 Brain MRI showing ventriculomegaly and thin corpus callosum.
 Sagittal T2-weighed magnetic resonance image of the left medial femoral condyle in a 19-year-old female athlete with closed physes, depicting an International Cartilage Repair Society (ICRS) grade III to IV osteochondritis dissecans (OCD) lesion with associated knee effusion. Note the bright fluid signal demarcating the lesion bed and fracture line through the displaced fragment.
 Abdominal ultrasonography revealed a 25‐mm cystic tumor located in the pancreatic tail.
  18F-FDG PET study in a patient with anaplastic meningioma. Increased FDG uptake in the primary tumor (left temporal region) as well as in its pulmonary metastases [67].
 Lateral radiograph of the same femur. No evidence of fracture line can be documented.
 Sagittal MR reconstruction image shows spinal cord after trauma.
 Pulmonary artery angiogram demonstrating hypoplasia of the right pulmonary artery.
 Parnoramic radiograph after implant installation.
 Preoperative periapical radiograph of the mandibular right primary first molar of a 7-year old boy, which presented an extensive caries lesion, more than two thirds of root length and no signs of periapical lesion
 MRI of pelvis showing right lower quadrant mass compressing external iliac vessels.
 The superior mesenteric vein (SMV) branches twist around a small caliber superior mesenteric artery. The SMV branches are markedly diminutive (arrow), narrowed by the volvulus.
 Magnetic resonance imaging in a 67 male patient with long-standing severe pulmonary hypertension. Axial postgadolinium VIBE (volume interpolated breath-hold) image shows aneurysmal pulmonary arteries with layered in situ thrombus in left lower lobar pulmonary artery (arrow). Cine steady-state free precession 4-chamber supplementary video clip shows massively enlarged bilateral pulmonary arteries with layered in situ thrombus. There is associated right ventricle enlargement and right ventricular hypertrophy. The right ventricle systolic function was moderately depressed (ejection fraction-40%). Cine steady-state free precession nicely depicts the swirling of blood within the pulmonary arteries, reflecting sluggish flow. Also seen is mild tricuspid regurgitation
 Left atrial thrombus in mid-esophageal sections.
 Case 4: heterogenic tumor, coming out of the pubic bone and filling nearly half of the small pelvis, compressing bladder (arrow)
  Initial panoramic imaging taken by patient’s dentist 2 months ago and showing no apparent lesion.
 MRI of the sella showing diffusely enlarged pituitary gland
 Contrast retrograde urethrocystogram, lateral projection (t = 10 mins). Contrast medium is present within the renal pelves (black arrow) demonstrating renal excretion and indicating that the contrast uptake had been within the vasculature
 Intradiscal approach targeting the L3-L4 IVD (circled area). A = superior articular process; B = needle
 Cardiomégalie globale avec disparition des arcs, un pédicule court et angle cardio phrénique droit ouvert chez une patiente de 70 ans (ICT = 0,88)
 Coronal CT scan section showing the lesion.
 Grade 4 peripheral capillary non-perfusion (CNP). Montage of FA images (right eye). One or more large bays of CNP encroach on zone 1 (inferior quadrant). Bays of CNP cut across large venules and arterioles, which may appear as ghost vessels in the affected area
 Short axis parasternal view shows both right and left atrial enlargements.
 Coronal view of MRI brain post-contrast showing extra-axial collection with the arrow indicating dural enhancement.
 Repeat CT scan of the abdomen two months later showing changes around the gallbladder bed indicating an inflammatory type process (arrow) although no definite fluid collection can be seen.
 Periapical view showing a part of customized gutta-percha for tracing
   Cholangiogram during ERCP showing a large common hepatic duct stone, impacted against a more narrow common bile duct
 A lateral cephalometric radiograph obtained after orthodontic decompensation.
 Computed tomogram of abdomen showing right psoas abscess abutting the right kidney.
 Magnetic resonance imaging 21 months after stereotactic radiosurgery
 Tumor ingrowth of the type 3 stent in a 65-year-old patient. 135 days after stent insertion, tumor ingrowth on the CT scan was seen (arrows). No symptomatic bowel obstruction was noted until the patient's death.
 Two-dimensional echocardiogram right parasternal short axis view. Notice the punctate hyperechoic areas (white arrows) inside the right trunk of right pulmonary artery (RPA). LPA = left pulmonary artery. PA = pulmonary artery
 Abdominal angioscan: lesional compartmentalized cystic process in contact with the second duodenum, with a thickened wall making 57mm/31mm pushing back the pancreas
 Interposition of the lung between the aorta and pulmonary artery
 On CT scan, neck with contrast reveals a predominantly isodense mass on the left parapharyngeal space showing mild heterogeneous contrast enhancement. Note the insinuation of the mass between internal and external carotid arteries with resultant splaying of internal and external carotid arteries.
 Angiogram showing pseudoanyreusm arising from superior rectal artery. White arrow pointing the pseudoanyreusm on angiogram.
 Transthoracic echocardiography: apical four-chamber view showing large cyst in IVS and compromising the LV and RV cavity
 Annular size measurement using the enlarged view of the mid-oesophageal short axis (approximately 30° to 50°). The short-axis views of the aortic valve are generated at the insertion of the cusps in early systole. Red circles identify the thickened parts at the sites of peripheral attachment of the zones of apposition between the aortic valve leaflets. They represent also the vertices of the interleaflet triangles. LCC: left coronary cusp, RCC: right coronary cusp, NCC: non-coronary cusp
 CT scan (post-contrast) of patient DD showing a nodular, ring-enhancing lesion in the anterior part of the left basal ganglia with accompanying brain edema and moderately raised intracranial pressure. There is a 0.5 mm mid-line shift with lateral ventricle compression on the left. The findings are suggestive of an inflammatory process with abscess formation and a high probability of toxoplasmosis with differential diagnoses of primary CNS lymphoma and a bacterial abscess (less likely mycotic aneurysm, tuberculoma, or metastatic lesion).
 Bone cement injection after VP of 3rd, 4th, and 5th vertebrae
 CT scan – coronal view showing right kidney mass with subcapsular haematoma (arrows).
 The sagittal T1 image in this patient showing absent anterior genu and splenium. Third ventricle was high riding interposed between the two lateral ventricles. There were also dilatations of the atrium and occipital horn (colpocephaly)
 Postoperative twelfth month anteroposterior view, union of the fracture was observed.
 A postoperative radiograph at 10, 2 years reveals a well-fixed, primary, cementless stem in the proximal femur of type C morphology
 Micturating cystourethrogram done at the age of 8 years showing bilateral vesicouretric reflex (grade IV) with kidney and ureter (dilated) shifted to extreme right due to the lax abdominal wall
 Post-operative angiography showing complete obliteration of the blind aneurysm.
 Final angiography shows an occluded inferior mesenteric artery by coils and no evidence of injury to the sigmoidal artery (arrow).
 22-year-old male with reverse Segond fracture. Coronal T2-weighted MRI shows reverse Segond fracture and swelling along torn MCL (yellow arrow).
 Computed tomography (CT) scan showing the tumor at the external margin of the left kidney (red arrow).
 Transcatheter PFO closure with Amplatzer® PFO occluder. PFO: patent foramen ovale.
 Follow-up computed tomographic scan at 12 months shows no recurrence.
 Stapler pin retrieval by the 20 H-file
 Catheter angiography with left main coronary artery injection
 Coronal computed tomography exhibiting a deficit in the right tracheal wall with a cavitary space previously occupied by the large soft tissue mass seen in Figure 2.
 Occlusal radiograph showing buccal cortical plate expansion in relation to 75
 Pre-operative X-ray showing normal lung fields.
 Magnetic Resonance Imaging: transversal scan of the lesion in the vesico-vaginal septom.
 Schatzker type VI fracture, 1 year after X-rays (AP)
 Figure 1: MRI showing SDI and AMC.
 Head CT scan showing brainstem edema after infarct.
 3-chamber cine SSFP image shows concentric LV thickening. There is flow acceleration in the LVOT below the level of the aortic valve (straight arrow). There is a linear discrete membrane at the LVOT (curved arrow), which is responsible for the flow acceleration, consistent with a subaortic membrane
 Contrasted chest computed tomography imaging showing tracheoesophageal fistula in a 60-year-old male patient.
 Ultrasound appearance of the roots of the brachial plexus. AS, anterior scalene muscle; IJ, internal jugular vein; CA, carotid artery; SCM, sternocleidomastoid muscle. Arrows refer to the 3 hypoechoic circles believed to be the roots of the brachial plexus.
 Cervical spine magnetic resonance imaging (1.5 Tesla). Sagittal T2 section, demonstrating normal spinal cord and dural canal in the neutral position
 Preoperative temporal bone computed tomography of patient No. 8 showing a fallopian canal defect in the mastoid segment of the facial nerve (arrow).
 Lateral radiograph of Case #1 at 3 years of follow up.
 Follow-up chest computed tomography scan revealed the radiation pneumonitis on the right lower lung.
 Contaminated port valve by pseudo-blood
   Coiled guidewire in the targeted jejunal loop, grasped by forceps. through an ultra-slim scope in the jejunum.
 Neck lateral view. The enlarged adenoid and tonsils are easily noted in this film.
 Orthopantomogram (OPG) of the patient with longstanding dislocation.
 Diffusion-weighted image showing an acute ischemic infarct in the left medial thalamus.
 Lateral radiograph of the right femur shows a type IIIB open fracture. Note the soft tissue burn injuries adjacent to the fracture.
 Cranial MR: regression of the Brown tumor which localized in the left maxillary region.
 X-ray chest showing cardiomegaly and prominent broncho-vascular margins. The transthoracic echocardiography
 CT of the large locally advanced pancreatic cancer encasing the mesenteric vessels making a surgical resection impossible.
 Mid-sagittal T2-weighted negative picture of cranial magnetic resonance image. The length of anterior cerebral artery has been measured from origo of anterior cerebral artery to junction of genu and body of corpus callosum (white arrows). B: Body of corpus callosum, G: Genu of corpus callosum, O: Origo of anterior cerebral artery
 Segmental bladder wall thickening with mucosal and sub-mucosal edema and hypervascularization
 Brain computed tomography scan of temporal region showing hypodense areas suggestive of pneumocephalus
 Axial T2W MRI shows an enlarged rounded right level II node with necrotic foci (long arrow) and ill-defined margins (extracapsular spread). Short arrow shows the tongue primary reaching vallecula
 Puncture of renal system followed by insertion of guide wire.
 Transverse contrast-enhanced computed tomography section at the level of aberrant right subclavian artery behind esophagus (white bold arrow) with total obliteration of esophageal lumen
 AVM (circled)
 —Two-dimensional echocardiography showing atrial septal defects
 Rradiography of the pelvis showed focal osteolytic lesions in the intertrochanteric area of right femur (black arrow).
 CT chest showing bronchiectasis.
 Chest X-ray showing a right middle lobe atelectasis, bilateral infiltrates, and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
 Digital subtraction angiography, antero-posterior view, left sided. Pooling of contrast material in the cavernous sinus with a direct communication (arrow) between the internal carotid artery and the cavernous sinus is seen, suggestive of Barrow’s type A carotid cavernous fistula.
 Peripheral angiography; after popliteal arterial embolectomy
 Transthoracic echocardiography showing left ventricular thrombus (arrow).
 Image b demonstrates a postoperative view after resection of the 3 hemangioblastomas with residual intraventricular hemorrhage in the 4th ventricle
 The lesions have a heterogeneous contrast ring enhancement with intratumoral necrotic central zones (arrow).
 Contrast-enhanced axial computed tomographic image of the abdomen after hepatic artery aneurysm embolization (arrow). Coiling material produces metallic artifacts limiting the evaluation of the surrounding structures. Poorly characterized biliary system dilatation is improved.
 X-ray esophagus with gastrografin showing two sinus tracts extending from anterior aspect of esophagus at level T7.
 Bilateral ovarian metastases of lung cancer at the initial positron emission tomography-computed tomography scan showing hypermetabolic activity in both ovaries (maximum standardized uptake value: right 15.7, left 13.4).
 Varicocele
 A 77-year-old woman with dementia of the Alzheimer type. Axial flair cut showing hyperintense foci and a small cortical infarct in the left posterior parietal lobe (black arrow). Note the widening of the left occipital horn.
 Preoperatvie X Ray AP View
 Axial computed tomography scan image left knee showing the tibial tubercle-trochlear groove has been measured at 22.11. This is measured by a perpendicular line drawn from the posterior femoral condylar axis through the bisecting point of the trochlear groove. This line is then superimposed onto the axial image of the midpoint of the tibial tubercle. The line drawn perpendicular to this trochlear groove line to the bisecting point of the tibial tubercle represents the tibial tubercle-trochlear groove distance
 Before the operation.
 Case 2: Axial CT scan of the chest showing retroesophageal course of right vertebral artery (red arrow); note an otherwise normal configuration of aortic arch vessels.
 Pre-operative x-rays of the left wrist of of a 44-year-old male patient who had undergone VBG
 The original 8 × 15 field was digitally reconstructed and superimposed on a CT scan following the patient’s diagnosis of osteosarcoma, and the treatment plan was subsequently recreated. The region of greatest bony destruction was thought to be the epicenter of the tumor, and was specially contoured on the diagnostic CT scan. The volume appears to be located at the edge of the radiotherapy field, including both areas that received >700 cGy and <100 cGy.
 Axial CT scan showing a retroglossal fairly defined rounded nonenhancing hypodense cystic lesion measuring about 9 mm, seen projecting into oropharynx.
 AP radiograph of distal femur.
 T2W axial magnetic resonance image in a 10-year-old child showing bilateral symmetrical subtle hyperintense lesions (arrow) in the white matter
 Scrotal ultrasound of the right testicle in transverse revealing a hypoechogenic lesion within the central testicle with an anechoic central core.
 A scintigraphy showing his parathyroid adenoma (arrow).
 Dense pelvic bones and femorii
 Duplex scan of the carotid bifurcation.
 Hypotonic duodenography conducted on the 15th day from admission indicated that abscess cavity was diminished, while least leakage of contrast media along the stent from the juxta‐papillary diverticulum was detected.
 Intrathoracic position of the stomach with a shift of the mediastinum to the right
 Fluorescence labeling of biotinylated PKMζ-antisense injected bilaterally in mouse hippocampi.Animal is sacrificed 50 min after the last of three 1 nmol in 0.5-µl vehicle injections per hippocampus, equivalent to the end of training in Figure 4. DAPI is counterstain. Scale bar = 600 µm.DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.14846.013
 Portable anteroposterior chest x-ray demonstrating left rib fractures, hemothorax and left diaphragmatic rupture (arrow). Biventricular pacer is also noted.
 Computed tomography of the chest revealed multiseptated cystic mass. Arising from the anterior mediastinum occupying 3/4th of the right hemithorax
 Fluoroscopic lateral view during cervical medial branch block at left C3, 4 and 5
 Gadolinium enhanced magnetic resonant image of spine showing intramedullary ring enhancing lesion (1.5 cm × 1.1 cm) at T9 vertebral level
 After reduction and fixation
 Case  2. Coronal HRCT reformatted image shows a right pneumothorax and the presence of fibrotic pulmonary infiltrates in both apical regions (arrowheads).
 Group 2 – Baseline
 Femoral head–neck angle (FHNA) through a CT axial section.
 MRI of the chest revealed an anterior mediastinal mass consistent with a thymic tumor.
 MDCT-coronal image showing active extravasation of intravenous contrast (yellow arrow)
 Chest X-ray shows the malposition of the tip of the CVC into the left atrium of the heart.
 Through a jugular venous access, a larger muscular VSD occluder device was positioned across the defect. The VSD device was held by a snare at the left ventricular (LV) end from the femoral arterial catheter [Video 8]. This helped stabilization of the device from both ends and permitted successful deployment
 TDM du massif facial (coupe axiale): comblement du sinus maxillaire droit avec aspect lysé de sa paroi médiale et image de calcification intra-maxillaire
 68-year-old man with a dural arteriovenous fistula of the superior sagittal sinus. Lateral view of right internal carotid artery angiogram shows meningeal branch directly from right internal carotid artery supplying fistula in addition to the middle cerebral artery and anterior cerebral artery supply.
 60-year-old man with relapsed multiple myeloma. CT demonstrates a small mass (short arrow) anterior to the stomach.
 Axial T2* gradient eco-weighted images showing brain microbleeds, appearing as small dots-like foci with hyposignal
 Preoperative tomography image of the mass lateral to sternum at the left
 Abdominal computed tomography section showing a 12×11 cm giant cystic lobulated solid mass located on the head of the pancreas.
 Wedge angiography in the left upper pulmonary vein reveals absence of a central left pulmonary artery. Note the intraparenchymal left pulmonary artery branches with no filling of any central vessel.
 Computed tomography with oral and intravenous contrast showing the pathognomonic “target sign” (white arrow).
 After centralization at the age of 18 months.
 Central slice of magnetic resonance imaging of the mandibular teeth.
 Preoperative intravenous pyelography.
 Axial View - MRIEnhanced T1-weighted axial view illustrating the lesion in the right cerebellum.
 Anteroposterior view of the digital subtraction angiogram revealing total occlusion of the distal third of the basilar artery without opacification of the posterior cerebral and superior cerebellar arteries bilaterally.
 CT scan whole abdomen showing heterogenous enhancing mass in right kidney.
 CustusX 3D view during endovascular navigation showing cone beam CT image volume and real-time position tracking of catheter (red cylinder mark) and guidewire (yellow cylinder mark)
 Three-dimensional echocardiogram (IE 33, 3DQ-QLAB advanced software, Philips®), real time imaging.
 Postoperative angiography after selective catheterization of the proper hepatic artery: complete exclusion of the pseudoaneurysm sac after coiling of the gastroduodenal artery
 Postoperative IOPA (Case 2)
 Retrograde filling of the left anterior descending artery, left circumflex artery and main pulmonary artery on delayed imaging after contrast injection of the right coronary artery.
 Upright plain abdominal X-ray demonstrating a small bowel obstruction. Note the presence of multiple air fluid levels.
 Initial unenhanced MRI showing fluid within the right mastoid air cells
 Computed tomography image depicting the lesion in the descending aorta.
 An abdominal sagittal image from CECT for measuring the angle between the SMA and aorta. A 35-year-old woman who was previously diagnosed with FD was considered to have SMA syndrome. The angle between the SMA and aorta measured on this slice was 19°. CECT: contrast-enhanced computed tomography, FD: functional dyspepsia, SMA: superior mesenteric artery
 This figure shows the measurement in this study. The (A), (B), and (C) represent the skin entry distance from medial, central, and lateral respectively. A right piriformis muscle seen in the computed tomography (arrow).
 Post-surgery Brain MRI of the index patient. Arrows indicate the implanted locations of leads of DBS
 Axial CT image of renal lesions initially suggestive of metastatic disease.
 MR AV valve plane and Echo valve outline.
 Plain radiograph. Evidence of cortical erosion of the fifth metatarsal head in a patient with osteomyelitis.
 EUS: Duodenal intramural cystic collection
 Lateral radiograph of the knee showed unusual early ossification of the patella.
 Sagittal T1-weighted sequence did´nt showed a fracture
 SSFP cine 4 chamber view showing some susceptibility artefact from the pacemaker leads (white arrows).
 Coronal contrast-enhanced CT scan of AEF.
 MRI of the patient, sagittal image: it was not possible to identify the Pituitary
 Intrahepatic arterioportal fistula in superselective DSA examination.
 Computed tomography image of lung infection by Mycobacterium abscessus subsp. bolletii. The white arrows show parenchymal consolidation in both lungs, predominantly in the right side, and patchy ground-glass appearance with nodules.
 Immediate postoperative radiograph of the second molar after a week. Note the periradicular lesion in the mesial root of the third molar
 The X-ray of inserted electrode of case 1.
 Upright plain abdominal radiography showing air-fluid levels in the small bowel (upper left quadrant).
 CT abdomen coronal view after IV contrast. There is significant dilatation noted in the loops of the small intestines and some of them showed diffuse wall thickening. There is a large amount of free fluid noted in the abdomen and pelvis. There is free air noted in the abdomen and pelvis indicating bowel perforation. May 2016.
 Chest radiograph is apparent for luminal narrowing of the trachea.
 A 63-year-old diabetic male presented with paraparesis, high grade fever and dysuria. magnetic resonance imaging done for evaluation of paraparesis also revealed a prostatic abscess. The patient's insulin requirements reduced drastically after the abscess drainage
 Postoperative plain radiograph. Bilateral laminotomies have been performed at L1/2, L2/3, and L3/4 (arrows).
 Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis with intravenous contrast showing free fluid in the pelvis and active peri-uterine contrast extravasation (arrows) concerning for neoplastic process eroding into the uterine vasculature.
 Lateral view with free os pisiforme on the volar level and intra-articular view.
 Sagittal MRI of the left medial meniscus with intrasubstance degeneration in the posterior horn.
 Plain chest radiography with a water soluble contrast swallow, showing contrast leakage in a patient with spontaneous rupture of the esophagus.
 Central corneal thickness as measured and shown by anterior segment imaging VISANTE optical coherence tomography 1 day after operation.
 Dissected mass.
 Scintigraphy of the chest. 3 hours after inlìjection planar antero-posterior view demonstrated diffuse spots of hyperfixation in the right humeral head and acromion, medial right clavicle, sternum and ribs. Other views confirmed bone localization of metastases on more sites.
 Preoperative magnetic resonance image of a 43 year old male patient with lumbosacral tuberculosis
 The vessel after balloon angioplasty, no residual stenosis is seen.
 Lateral view left common carotid artery angiogram confirms that there is no longer any arteriovenous shunting or early opacification of the superior ophthalmic vein (arrow)."Left" indicates the patient's left side.
 Localization of electrodes and contact locations represented in MNI space (sagittal view). The colouring of electrode tips identifies the electrodes of individual patients. PM = pontomesencephalic line connecting the pontomesencephalic junction to the caudal end of the inferior colliculi.
 HRCT of the chest at the level of the lower lobes. An extended and coarse subpleural reticular pattern is noted associated with traction bronchiectasis and bronchiolectasis as well as with honeycombing.
 CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with intravenous and oral contrast. A lower cut on the CT scan demonstrating extension of inflammation.
 Double stenting in a patient with a voluminous esophageal tumor.Initial staging fibroscopy showed extrinsic compression with no fistula and/or malignant proliferation in the trachea. Esophageal stenting was required because of complete dysphagia. Double stenting was performed before palliative radiotherapy. No complications occurred.
 Intra oral periapical X-ray taken during orthodontic treatment
 Periapical radiography: border is not intact in some areas.
 CT scan demonstrating distended urinary bladder in the pelvis.
 Radiograph after cementation of post
 CT scans demonstrating the dissection at the level of the coeliac axis.
 Post distalization lateral cephalometric radiograph.
 CT image
 Computed tomography scan of pelvis showing right inguinal lymph node enlargement.
  Tumor grade II.
 Mild hydronephrosis after presumed passage of obstructing ureteral calculus.
 T1-MRI axial section showing fatty signal intensity with evidence of solid component that showed moderate enhancement suggestive of liposarcoma.
 CT of the chest showing multiple bilateral lung nodules (white and black arrows).
 T2 axial image showing abnormally enlarged paravertebral vascular structure (red arrow) with signal void and intraforaminal and intraspinal extradural extension. 1: Vertebra; 2: medulla; 3: liver; 4: stomach; 5: spleen; blue arrow: aorta.
 Nodular metastasis involving the interaortocaval, precaval, and right paraaortic lymph nodes.
 Imaging plane 120°, The transgastric view of the LV and the aortic valve (AoV).
 Enlargement of neck radiograph showing the pin-end of the earring
 B-mode ultrasonography measurement of craniocaudal displacement of the left intrahepatic portal vein branch. The line shows displacement of the left branch of the portal vein during maximal inspiratory and expiratory breathing in the sagittal plane. The P cursor marks the initial position of this vessel during maximal expiration, and another cursor (+) marks the position of the vessel during maximal inspiration. The craniocaudal displacement of this branch was recorded in millimeters.
 X-ray chest PA view showing hyperlucency on the left side
 Left anterior oblique cranial view of the aortic arch demonstrating dilated vessels arising from the arch proximal to the surgically corrected stenosis. These findings are consistent with clinical history of coarctation of aorta.
 Postdilatation of thoracic stent graft.
 Panoramic radiograph showing lack of primary dentition tooth buds.
 MRI showing uterine lesion with loss of fat planes between uterus and rectum.
 High resolution computed tomography scan of lung at nine years old shows atelectasis and bronchiectasis in the right middle lobe.
 Only one coil was planted in a really hard way.
 Chest X-ray showing the course (arrows) of central venous catheter
 Sagittal T2 weighted magnetic resonance (MR) imaging of the sagittal section shows a high signal epidural hematoma at L2 to L5 level and disrupteion of the intervertebral disc at L4-5.
 Left femoral venogram showing blocked external iliac vein. The vein that reforms distally passes along the right border of vertebra suggesting blocked lower end of inferior vena cava also
 X-ray revealing blunting of left cardiophrenic angle
 ROIs around the cortex and medulla of left kidney as well as the aorta
 Vertebral MRI – notice the bone infiltrating lesion.
 Intracardiac echocardiographic image showing the GORE® HELEX® Septal Occluder device placement through the PFO.LA: left atrium; PFO: patent foramen ovale; RA: right atrium.
 Contrast computed tomography scan: Sagittal view
 Abdominal CT on admission showing the thickness of the gallbladder wall (white arrowheads). There were no gallstones.
 The radiograph at 3 months follow-up showing the lesion well healed.
 T2-weighted coronal magnetic resonance imaging arthrogram of a right shoulder, demonstrating a full-thickness rotator-cuff defect medial to the rotator-cuff footprint, with intervening contrast.
 A 36-year-old man who had had symptoms of right heart failure for 2 months. Sagittal T1-weighted fast spin-echo MR image showing diffuse pericardial thickening (arrows) outlined by epicardial and anterior mediastinal fat, which was most pronounced over the right ventricle
 Radiographic examination showed inverted incisors with open apexes and incomplete roots
 (33° RAO and 20° CAU): angiographic control at day 25 showing reopened LAD with TIMI 3 flow in the whole vessel.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) axial image of the brain showing symmetrical hyperintensity in bilateral pulvinar nuclei of the thalamus
 Positron emission tomography scintigraphy revealed large lytic expansile lesion in left occipital bone including the clivus and occipital condyles with erosion of the mastoid and temporal bone
 The radiograph shows conjoined twin lambs having two vertebral columns (dispinous). Note the notomelus over N2 (Arrow).
 One day post-operative CT head showing near total right MCA and ACA territory infarction.
 Contrast-enhanced CT scan. A: adenoma; RHV: right hepatic vein; MHV: middle hepatic vein (portal venous phase).
 Cross section graphic demonstrates the cervical cord anatomyDorsal column-medial lemniscus system (blue); corticospinal tracts: lateral corticospinal tract (red) and anterior corticospinal tract (yellow); anterolateral system (green). Injury in this case involved the left hemicord damaging each of these pathways (*).
 Intussusception visualized in the distal small bowel on CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis.
 23-year-old female with ruptured feeding-tube tip. Fluoroscopy scout view showing the weighted tip of the enteral feeding tube with eight metallic-density foreign objects outside the feeding-tube tip.
 Chest radiograph showing bilateral upper and mid-lung infiltrates due to MDR-TB in a patient suffering from SLE.
 Preoperative X-ray of wrist joint anteroposterior and lateral views showing (a) scaphoid fracture with perilunate dislocation (b) A radial styloid fracture and perilunate dislocation (c) A pure lunate dislocation (d) A pure perilunate dislocation
 CT KUB showing emphysematous cystitis.
 70-year-old male with perforation in the left maxillary region diagnosed with Paget's disease. Panoramic radiograph shows generalized mixed radiolucent and radiopaque areas in the maxilla and mandible (arrows) with characteristic cotton wool appearance in the left maxilla.
 Pretreatment radiograph
 Computed tomographic angiography showed right internal carotid artery occlusion
 The inflammation of the forepaw joints in a rat model of septic arthritis (radiographical score 4).
 Radiograph Taken on Admission
 Type III branching pattern and origin of STA from CCA bifurcation. The superior thyroid artery (short arrows) shows no bifurcation or trifurcation following its origin from CCA bifurcation (arrow)
 Coronal MRI presenting mesial hippocampal preservation.
 Renal ultrasound with increased echogenicity in parenchyma and Doppler study showing both main renal veins with unchanged blood flow and very high resistance arterial spectrum (resistance index exceeding 0.9).
 Liver ultrasound after 15 minutes reveals growth of the subcapsular hematoma.
 Radiograph at 12 months showing progressive healing.
 The supraclinoid ICA and MCA were mechanically dilated bilaterally using a Marathon™ microcatheter (0.0165" diameter), which advanced over a J-shaped 0.014" soft Mirage™ microwire (0.014" diameter). ICA = internal carotid artery; MCA = middle cerebral artery.
 Large circumferential mass along the cecum and ascending colon measuring 12.7×7.7×12.1 cm in size with oral contrast within the lumen.
 Radiographie télécœur de face montrant une cardiomégalie modérée (index cardio- thoracique à 0, 53), une convexité de l'arc moyen gauche, une vascularisation pauvre en périphérie. Dilatation de la partie proximale de l'artère pulmonaire gauche
  Nuclear Magnetic Ressonâncio. 2006.
 Radiograph of test site at baseline in relation to 46 and 47
 Total length of IAC
 Smooth polyp with feeding vessel at hydrosonography.
 Computed Tomography of brain showing acute subarachnoid hemorrhage with cerebral edema, sulcal effacement, and loss of grey-white differentiation
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. There were a 33-mm-diameter multilocular cystic lesion in the pancreatic head (arrow) and a 5-mm-diameter monolocular cyst in the pancreatic tail (head of arrow). The main pancreatic duct was slightly dilated at 4.5 mm
 Lateral X-ray image for the skull showing J-shaped sella turcica.
 Abdominal CT scan showed an inhomogeneously enhanced hepatic tumor with well demarcation. (9 × 9 × 8 cm).
 Panoramic X-ray shows a complete postoperative view without the foreign body.
 Chest X-rays, 1 year following DLTx.Abbreviation: DLTx, double-lung transplantation.
 MRI scan 6 months after surgery.
 TEE image: Smoke-like echo in left atrium and big thrombus occupying the left atrial appendage
 Chest radiograph
  b Coronal view across the second target
 Abdominal CT findings. Diffusely dilated major bile ducts and gallbladder are full of hyperechogenic material.
 Dorsoventral radiograph of the thorax showing increased soft tissue opacity of the right caudal and middle lung lobes and mild right-sided pneumothorax. Discrete mineral opacities are present in the caudal right thorax/cranial abdomen
 X-ray left hip joint anteroposterior view showing the “wandering acetabulum”
 AP pelvis 8 months status post-ORIF of posterior wall with retrograde femoral nail. The left hip demonstrates early post traumatic arthritis and heterotopic ossification.
 18F-FDG uptake in a patient with multicentric lymphoma.(A) Coronal contrast enhanced computer tomography (CT); (B) Coronal 18F-fluoro-2-deoxy-D- glucose (18F-FDG positron emission tomography (PET)/CT) Increased FDG uptake in both retropharyngales lymph nodes (standardized uptake value (SUV) mean 2.37 and 2.43 ± 2.4) as well as intramuscular increased FDG-uptake (SUV mean 3.04 ± 1.25).
 The arteriography of the popliteal mass which showed the occluded popliteal artery and the distal flow with collateral vessels.
 Computerized tomography angiogram of chest.Note the filling defect in left descending pulmonary artery.
 Postoperative contrast CT scan of the brain showing complete excision of the VS.
 FDG-PET/CT detected increased metabolism in the right breast.
 Postcontrast CT showed a 4×6 cm sized mass with central low signal density (asterisk) and peripheral high density, suggesting fluid and peripheral calcification. The space between the tibia and fibula was also enhanced (arrow).
 Coronal reformatted image shows direct invasion (arrows) of a gastric cancer into the spleen via the gastrosplenic ligament.
 Maxillary occlusal radiograph shows the buccolingual positioning of supernumerary teeth.
 Initial CT-angiography showing left carotid occlusion. CT-angiography of the left carotid artery demonstrates calcified plaque of the left carotid bulb with atherosclerotic occlusion of the internal carotid artery (a). Of note the left external carotid artery is patent and there is robust filling of its branches (b)
 Invertogram showing a high blind pouch in a newborn undergoing primary SSARP. A blind distal pouch within 1 cms from the last vertebral bone can be corrected by this approach.
 Reconstruction of the image with CT scan, giant intra-abdominal mass.
 The coils after coiling the arterial bleeding from a branch of the superior mesenteric artery, note the proximity to the metallic stent in the bile duct.
 Postoperative panoramic radiograph showing the removal of the ectopic third molar in the pterygomandibular space.
 Three years follow up radiograph of left forearm after the radial implant removal showing consolidation and incorporation of intercalary tubular radial graft in the ulna
 MRI of brain and orbit which reveals enhancement of soft tissue intimately associated with right optic nerve sheath.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the head (Case 1). The white arrowheads show gadolinium enhancement of the hypertrophic dura mater.
 Postoperative anteroposterior radiograph of the right knee subjected to ACL reconstruction, showing femoral fixation with the ETD®
 Cranio-caudal mammograms showing the mass lesion in the central area of the left breast.
 A 57 year old patient with history of hypertension, diabetes and hypercholesterolemia and NAION in his right eye. There is pallid swelling of the right disc with hemorrhage superiorly. The left optic disc has a cup to disc ratio of 0.1 (not shown).
 4 part Pertrochanteric Extra-articular fracture neck of femur.
 Representative scans with intramedullary height and extramedullary height measurements of both positions.
 MRI cervical spine T2 sagital images- hyperintensity in cervical cord at C1 and C2 vertebral level suggestive of compressive myelopathy
 Follow-up ultrasound examination 14 days after detection of the thrombus. US elastogram showing a mosaic of colors.
 Angiographic image of ductal stent and branch pulmonary arteries (RPA= right pulmonary artery, LPA= left pulmonary artery)
 Chest computed tomography revealed the presence of relevant pleural effusion all around the right lung, with parenchymal lung consolidation and paratracheal, subcranial and hilar lymphadenopathy.
 Scoliosis: radiograph showing our patient’s scoliosis.
 Anatomical landmarks evaluated on the panoramic radiographs. 1, sigmoid notch; 2, mandibular condyle; 3, mandibular ramus; 4, angle of the mandible; 5, inferior border of the mandible; 6, coronoid process; 7, mental foramen; 8, glenoid fossa; 9, pterygomaxillary fissure; 10, floor of the maxillary sinus; 11, anterior nasal spine; 12, nasal fossa; 13, external oblique ridge; 14, alveolar crest; 15, articular eminence; 16, zygomatic arch.
 CT of the chest immediately after water-soluble swallow study showing postoperative changes of Nissen fundoplication. Oral contrast is noted in the distal esophagus/stomach. There is a focal outpouching of contrast and air extending from the superior aspect of the gastric fundus that extends through the left hemidiaphragm and abuts the surface of the posteroinferior pericardium (white arrow). Findings are of large pneumopericardium (white arrowheads) with indications of a gastropericardial fistula, as described above.
 X-ray at 2-year follow-up
 Angiography demonstrating the renal AVM with characteristic early draining vein (arrow).
 Angiography. Dilated azygos vein drained into the dilated SVC.
 Silicotuberculosis in a 52-year-old stoneworker. Axial HRCT scan (C:-600, W: 1600) shows an irregular thick-walled cavitary lesion (arrow) in the upper lobe of right lung, suggestive of pulmonary tuberculosis. Multiple ill-defined nodular lesions seen in both lungs, with areas of paracicatricial emphysema
 Chest CT showing a partial response of the primary site and multiple metastases of the bilateral lungs.
 Transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) showing mobile echodensity (arrow) on the mitral valve leaflet measuring 1.5 x 1.3 cm
  Midline determination.
 T1-weighted sagittal image magnetic resonance imaging brain showing empty sella
 CT scan with contrast of the abdomen showing a heterogeneous hypodense mass (size: about 6.0 cm) over the right lower quadrant of the abdomen.
 Centre-edge angle (CEA) measurement on an AP pelvis X-ray. The CEA is the angle between the line connecting the centre of the femoral head and the acetabulum and the line perpendicular to the line connecting the sit bones of the ischial tuberosity. A value of ≥40° is consistent with a pincer morphology
 Transthoracic echocardiography shows a large mass near the mitral valve.
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain, T1-weighted images of an axial section of the brain showing subtle debris layering the occipital horns of the lateral ventricles (arrows), suspicious for intraventricular hemorrhage or pus
 End-diastolic area measurement from transgastric mid-papillary short axis for the calculation of fractional area change
 Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) sagittal-oblique T2 FSE image.
 Whole-body FDG PET maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) of a 51-year-old female patient with an inflammatory breast cancer
 Extracorporeal cystectomy.
 CT topogram. Initial topogram of the scan, showing the implanted device in the left pectoral zone and both electrodes. Arrows: date and time of scan.
 Case #7. Mitral valve thrombus. Four-chamber view of transthoracic echocardiography showed a thick, dense, less mobile mass (arrow) attached to the ventricular side of the anterior mitral leaflet.
 Control scan after antibacillary treatment: Axial section
 Transabdominal scan in a 9-year-old girl.Notes: An enlarged ovary was seen on transabdominal scan in a 9-year-old girl who presented with abdominal pain. The ovary contained two cystic areas, one with an echoic structure. In addition, the stroma of the ovary appears edematous and the normal follicular structure is lost. On laparoscopy, torsion of the ovary involving a large dermoid cyst was diagnosed.
 Computerized tomographic appearance of the cyst prior to surgery. Punctate calcification consistent with extramedullary hematopoiesis is circled.
 Case of recurrent disc herniation after open discectomy.
 Chest radiograph with bones devoid of any sclerotic lesion
  Axial computed tomographic scan showing destruction of S1 vertebral body.
 Plain computed tomography image showing a soft tissue density mass lesion in the cervix along with a hypodense soft tissue density deposit in the right obturator internus muscle
 Axial MRI section with 3-dimensional T2-weighted sequence. There is thickening of the oculomotor nerves (arrows) and left trigeminal nerve (arrowhead).
 MIP reformatted DW image on the coronal plane which shows the integrity of the brachial plexus. DW imaging makes the radiologist able to selectively identify nervous structures, which have a strong signal intensity and are then clearly visible between the other components of the superior sulcus (which conversely are hypointense). Postprocessing MIP technique allows assessment of the entire brachial plexus.
 Wall thickening and inflammatory changes involving the sigmoid colon with multifocal pneumoperitoneum. Scattered hypodense collections in the abdomen and pelvis without obvious well-defined, rim-enhancing abscess.
 Retrograde urethrography at 10 months.
 Sulcus angle defined as the angle formed between lines joining the highest points of the bony medial and lateral condyles and the lowest bony point of the intercondylar sulcus.
 December 1997: MRI scan of the neck showed marked narrowing of the airway. An enhanced signal in C2 to C6 vertebral bodies (white arrows) and a loss of height in C5 were noted and deemed consistent with post-radiotherapy change.
 Chest radiograph showing resolution of lung atalactasis after repair of the large paraesophgeal hernia
 Axial images demonstrated the leakage of contrast medium (1) into the main pulmonary artery (MPA) from the aberrant artery originating from coronary arteries (2). Ao = ascending aorta.
 AP radiograph. Cementless total hip arthroplasty. In a total hip arthroplasty, both femoral head and neck (arrowheads) as well as the acetabulum (dotted arrow) are replaced. The open arrow indicates the position of the radiolucent polyethylene cup at the articulation of the prosthetic femoral head and the acetabulum
 Radiograph showing obturation in two separate canals in 32 and 41.
 Coronary Sinus Venogram demonstrating an enlarged CS with communicating vessel into LA.
 Magnetic resonance image demonstrating the osteolytic lesion in the femur and diffuse erosion of the cortex, with involvement of the surrounding soft-tissues.
 Intraoral periapical radiograph showing radiolucency in the maxillary right lateral incisor and canine region
 Nuclear magnetic resonance showing a mass in the left adrenal topography
 Maximum-intensity projection (MIP) images 1 min (A) and 55–60 min (B) after intravenous FDG injection in a patient with a metastatic lung tumour in the right lung, multiple mediastinal lymph node metastases at both sides, and intrapulmonal and liver metastases. The early MIP image clearly demonstrates the blood activity in the heart and the large arterial vessels over two bed positions (field of view: 43.2 cm).
 Transrectal ultrasonographic image of the prostate during cryotherapy showing ice-ball formation.
 Coronal CT shows isolated bilateral coronoid process fracture
 The images show the lateral and the anteroposterior views of the transforaminal epidural steroid/local anesthetic injections in our hospital Acharya Shri Chander College of Medical Sciences operating room.
 Axial T1 weighted image at the level of mid-brain interpeduncular fossa showing classical molar tooth sign (white arrow)
 Anterior center edge angle (ACEA) measured on false profile radiograph of an 18-year-old female. To obtain the ACEA, the center of the femoral head was estimated from a circle fit to the medial and inferior contour of the femoral head. The ACEA was measured between a vertical line on the image and the line from the center of the femoral head to the most lateral aspect of the bone (B) or the sourcil (S) edge. For this patient, the bone VCA was 46° and the sourcil VCA was 34°.
 Computed tomography of the lungs demonstrating right pulmonary nodule.
  Computed tomography scan 6 months postoperatively showing solid C5–C6 interbody allograft fusion and normal alignment of the cervical spine.
 Aspect angiographique normal de l'artère inter-ventriculaire antérieure et de l'artère circonflexe
 Computerized tomography (CT) scan performed after tracheotomy showing the tracheal membrane (indicated by an arrow) obstructing the tracheostomy tube.
 Posterior Radiographic View of L5-S1 Lumbar Arthrodesis
 Long parasternal axis view of transthoracic echocardiography showing a left atrial myxoma reaching the atrial surface of the mitral valve.
 Left coronary angiogram, showing the left anterior descending artery (LAD) and left circumflex artery (LCX).
 OCT of the left eye. a April 2011: normal appearing retinal layers accompanying a visual acuity (VA) of 20/20. There was a layer of hyperreflective material superficial to the nerve fiber layer and nasal to the fovea. It most likely represented epiretinal membrane and remained unchanged throughout the visits (arrowheads). b May 2011: The patient’s VA decreased to 20/250 with an OCT showing the presence of a moderately hyperreflective material within the outer retina (arrows). Of note, there was increased irregularity in the RPE; the IS/OS junction and the ELM could no longer be visualized. The outer nuclear layer and outer plexiform layer appeared to be involved as well (encircled). c July 2011: In addition to the intraretinal hyperreflective material noted 2 months earlier, the OCT showed newly developed pigment epithelial elevations accompanied by heterogeneous, hyperreflective sub-RPE deposits (arrows). We used Spectralis HRA+OCT™ with the Automated TruTrak™ functionality, which allowed automated real-time, point-to-point registration of images taken at different time points. Therefore, the three scans presented in this figure were referenced and represented the same section of the retina
 Orthopantomogram showing vertical bone loss along mandibular posteriors
 Paradoxical curvature of left middle turbinate.
 Left eye ultrasound shows retinal detachment.
 Knee CT scan: a 28*26*24 mm lobulated lytic mass in posteromedial aspect of the left distal femoral metaphysis with cortical disruption and extra osseous soft tissue formation (arrow)
 2D echocardiography parasternal short axis view at the level of papillary muscles: important right ventricular dilatation, leftward shift of the interventricular septum (pulmonary embolism).
  Coronal view of a computed tomography scan of the chest.
 Power Doppler showing multiple collaterals around the common bile duct. An intra-choledochal collateral is also noted (*)
 Increased activity in posterior ipsilateral (left) cerebellum was observed during performance of the untrained sequence (transfer) after combined motor and mental training but not after motor only or mental only training. Bars indicate the BOLD signal change in relation to the mean BOLD-value over the session, with error bars denoting standard errors.
 Radiographie post-opératoire du genou droit
 Scapular fracture. Sagittal reconstructed CT image shows multiple fractures of the left scapula (arrows)
 Upper GI Series 2 months after endoluminal gastric pouch plication
 Sagittal Gd-enhanced T1-weighted MRI showing rim-enhancing mass in the L2 vertebral body.
 Ultrasonographic view of calcinosis.
 Cholangiography. Cholangiography revealed the obstruction of the hilar to upper portion of bile duct (arrow)
 Intraoperative aortic arch angiography visualizing the origin of the left subclavian artery. Aortic coarctation is also demonstrated
  X-ray taken at first follow-up examination.
 AIP with biliary involvement: Axial contrast-enhanced CT image showing sausage-shaped bulky pancreatic tail (arrow) and skip areas of biliary dilatation (arrowhead).
 Axial computed tomography images depicting the appendiceal duplication.
 MCU (three months after procedure) showing posterior urethral configuration
 A chest radiograph on 2-month-old following cardiac surgery. A difficult venous access prompted a right femoral vein access. The tip of the catheter has entered the right hepatic vein. Note the air at the tip of the catheter, which is a potential for air embolism (arrow).
 HRCT of the normal lung. The pulmonary artery supplies two secondary lobules, and arrows indicate branching of the intralobular pulmonary arteries. The corresponding airways cannot be seen.Abbreviations: HRCT, high resolution computed tomography; PA, pulmonary artery, PV, pulmonary vein.
 Bicaval view on transesophageal echocardiograph showing absent right superior vena cava
 A 52-year-old woman with tuberous sclerosis complex presenting with sudden onset of right chest pain and dyspnoea. Axial CT image obtained with the lung window setting shows right-sided pneumothorax and numerous thin-walled cysts scattered throughout the lungs, compatible with lymphangioleiomyomatosis.
 T1-weighted magnetic resonance image revealing a mass lesion with a high contrast effect and soft tissue involvement.
 Lipid material in type II hepatic hydatid cyst. Axial contrast-enhanced CT image through the superior part of the liver shows well-defined cyst in the right lobe with fat attenuation areas within suggestive of biliary communication
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan noting a thickened plantaris tendon (arrow) consistent with tendinosis and surrounding inflammatory changes adjacent to Achilles tendon.
 Pelvic X-ray, anteroposterior view. Basicervical fracture of the right femur.
 Radiation fields covering the caudal part of the breast/breast wall (fields 3 and 4) are shown here.Notes: The arrows indicate the radiation direction. Delineation of whole heart and four cardiac chambers in a patient with a left-sided breast cancer. A = right atrium, B = right ventricle, C = left ventricle, and D = left atrium.
 Chest X-ray in the immediate post operative period
 Periapical radiograph showing primary maxillary right birooted canine
 T1 Weighted (Gadolinium enh.) MRI Revealing Large Irregular Sellar Mass With Parasellar Extension With Infiltration of Cavernous Sinus and Encasement of Internal Carotid Artery.
 Pancreatic adenocarcinoma: leakage of fluorescein (arrows).
 Midesophageal long-axis view of aortic valve. A large vegetation (white arrow) is overlying on the left coronary cusp of the aortic valve. LA: left atrium, LVOT: left ventricular outflow tract.
 Echocardiograph shows segmental analysis of the left ventricle after 2D speckle tracking from the apical long-axis view.
 Sonogram of dilated penile urethra (the caudo-cranial diameter is 77 mm) obtained from a calf with necrotizing urethritis. Notice the marked thickening of the urethral wall and irregular mucosal surface.
 Double contrast barium enema illustrating granular mucosa in a patient with active ulcerative colitis. (Courtesy of Stephen W. Trenkner, MD).
 Thoracic computed tomography image showing a diffuse subcutaneous emphysema (arrow showing emphysema)
 Magnetic resonance imaging. The midsagittal image shows marked atrophy of the midbrain tegmentum and the "penguin silhouette" sign (arrow). The midbrain area was 65 mm2 and the pons area was 550 mm2. Therefore, the ratio of the midbrain area to the pons area was less than 0.12.
 Intraoral periapical radiographs revealed pulp involvement of 52, 51, 61, and 62.
 Chest radiograph showing clear lung fields without any evidence of parenchymal lung disease suggestive of idiopathic persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn or “black lung disease.”
 Case 2: The patient after surgery – Clinical aspect
 Contrast material was seen to spread on the costae.
 Power doppler image demonstrating rich vascularization of the pelvic masses.
 A chest radiograph showing a large PN at the right lung base with central high density due to calcification in a metastatic deposit from a leiomyosarcoma of the uterus
 Coronal T1-weighted postcontrast MRI of pituitary showing enlarged pituitary with a small microadenoma or cyst (indicated by arrow).
 A typical ICGA image: heart of a rat. Coronary arteries clearly visible. Liver shining on the right. Magnification 20×. Image taken by Dr. Outi Villet at HUCH by our prototype microscope device shown in Figure 6.
 Computed tomography image (coronal view) showing small bowel obstruction associated with a subphrenic collection.
 Chest X-ray after pulmonary artery catheter placement and the retrieved pulmonary artery catheter. The chest X-ray shows an acute angle bending of the pulmonary catheter. The picture in the left lower corner shows the retrieved pulmonary artery catheter with a dent at about 25 cm from the tip.
 B-scan ultrasonography image of intravitreal thornNotes: Areas of choroidal thickening, with diffuse, dense vitreous debris, along with a hyper-reflective lesion at the 4 o’clock hourAbbreviation: IOFB, intraocular foreign body.
 Post-operative treatment distribution with mandibulotomy site visualized.
 Scanner thoracique (coupe sagittale) montrant la rupture diaphragmatique droite avec passage du foie en intra-thoracique
 CT scan image showing a heterogeneously enhanced soft tissue mass of 48 mm × 35 mm in the left infra-zygomatic region
 Abdominal computed tomography showing an 8-cm left adrenal lesion (borders marked with arrows).
 Chest computed tomography scan after therapy. Resolution of nodular infiltrates with residual traction bronchiectasis and fibrosis from known nonspecific interstitial pneumonitis.
 CT scan with contrast of the chest showing small distal right pulmonary embolus.
 CT-scan transversal view showing the malpositioned wafers with close relation to the right pulmonary artery and right stem bronchus
 Skin to epiglottis distance shown by blue dotted line
 Chest computed tomography scan (August 4th, 2011) of case 1 showed progressive pneumonia and enlargement of the shadow of consolidation along with cavity formation.
 Preparatory imaging of ultrasound guided biopsy in the companion case.The image demonstrates the target lesion and the planned route of the needle (red arrow). The biopsy results revealed a primary biliary cancer, most likely gallbladder carcinoma.
 CT scan of the chest on the second day of hospitalization showing large pericardial effusion.
 Unilocular radiolucency with well-demarcated corticated borders in posterior mandible, causing expansion and thinning of inferior border of mandible (Case no. 7)
 A 19-year-old boy with a history of treated metastatic RMS presented with low back pain. The PET-CT image shows intense 18F-FDG uptake in the spinal canal (open arrow). Physiological excretion of the radiopharmaceutical via the kidneys is visible (solid arrows). Histopathology: embryonal RMS
 Axial image of FDG PET scan demonstrating patchy uptake at the periphery of the KT and the small FDG-avid mass between the KT and abdominal wall.
 Mesenteric panniculitis.
 Chest computed tomography with mixed pattern of large and small nodules.
 Ultrasonography of the cyst prior to surgery.
 T2 weighted magnetic resonance imaging showed low intensities with unevenness in the mass and destructions of the posterior bone wall (arrow).
 Intravenous urography (18 February 2008) - 30 minutes film showed dilated left renal pelvis and clubbing of calyces. Left ureteric stent and right nephrostomy catheter were present. Right nephrostomy catheter had not been clamped; therefore, urographic contrast drained straightaway from right kidney.
 Post-operative lateral radiograph. C1 bilateral laminar hooks and C2 bilateral pedicular screws were placed and connected with rods, as well with autograft and allograft bone for fusion.
 Abscessual complication of necrotic bone lesion in patient treated with Zometa® for 11 months (61 years old, male, prostatic cancer).
 21-year-old man with an 8-h history of severe right lower abdominal pain, epigastric pain, vomiting, and fever, diagnosed with Valentino's syndrome. Post contrast computed tomography (CT) scan of abdomen, coronal reformatted image shows air in the retroperitoneum on the right, predominantly around the right kidney (arrow). Normal right renal parenchyma is noted.
 Colon cancer. Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan shows focal asymmetric and irregular thickening of the ascending colon (arrow), a finding strongly suggestive of a neoplasm. Also note mild pericolonic fat stranding (asterisks), a frequent associated finding. Adapted from the electronic poster “Bowel wall thickening—a complex subject made simple” DOI:10.5444/esgar2011/EE-063
 Conventional angiography showed aneurysm in the origin of superior mesenteric artery.
 Difficult 7: Grey Scale.
 Anteroposterior chest radiograph showing cavitary lesions in both lungs
 Figure 1:CECT showing multiloculated cystic lesion in the upper pole of right kidney with typical cysts within cyst appearance and thinned out peripheral parenchyma.
 CT of the chest immediately after water-soluble swallow study (coronal view). The collection of contrast (white arrow) corresponds with the small gastric outpouching seen in prior upper GI images. This is suspicious for gastric fundal ulcer perforation into the pericardial sac and formation of a gastropericardial fistula.
 Follow-up contrast-enhanced computed tomography image of the patient's abdomen and pelvis showed a persisted left renal infarction with atrophic change (arrow).
 Axial CT scan taken at the 1-month postoperative of the foot shows an exofitic lesion (arrow) detected posteromedially to the calcaneus (31* 17 mm in size with cartilage cap thickness of 5 mm).
  Computerized tomography scan of at 24 hours of life showing diffuse cerebral edema, subdural collection on the left, midline shift, and blood in both occipital horns.
 Right upper quadrant ultrasound showing 3.8 × 2.4 × 3.5 heterogeneous mass with small calcification emanating from the gallbladder fundus.
 Sagittal computerised tomography scan showing hypodense signals
 Post-biopsy and pre-ablation sonogram demonstrates a hypoechoic, shadowing mass at 2 o'clock with a central biopsy clip (white arrow). The 4 o'clock mass had a similar sonographic appearance.
 3 months postoperative radiograph Case 2
 An anteroposterior plain radiograph (2007-5-25) shows the lesion became larger and a sclerotic band appeared around the lesion.
 Axial contrast-enhanced CT demonstrating emphysematous cystitis showing air (arrows) within the wall of urinary bladder and mild free fluid in pelvis
 Dilatation de bronches de localisation bilatérale chez 1 VIH+
 Computer tomography scans of the chest revealed ground glass opacities around the bronchovascular bundles in the lower lobe of the right lung.
 An anteroposterior pelvic radiography showing flattening of the superolateral aspect (the weightbearing portion) of the right femoral head. There is a zone of decreased density representing the crescent sign, indicating subchondral fracture (stage III)
 Frontal chest radiograph shows a left-sided pneumothorax following insertion of a central venous catheter. Note that the subclavian approach (arrow) was used for insertion of the catheter
 Echocardiographic image of the atria, interatrial septum and septal occluder (white arrow) during catheterization, showing optimal position of the occluder.
 Preoperative plain computed tomography scan of the brain showing left fronto-temporoparietal chronic subdural hematoma with midline shift
 Axial T1W brain magnetic resonance sections showing “bat’s wing” appearance of the fourth ventricle and a complete midline cleft of the cerebellar hemispheres.
 Contrast CT of the left lower extremity showing a suspected pseudoaneurysm of the left profunda femoris artery.
 The application level depends on the positioning of the magnet, which can be identified in relation to the osteotomy level on the radiograph (see arrow).
 Anteroposterior angiogram showing the anterior spinal artery aneurysm (arrow)
 Brain computed tomography of the second patient performed in April 2006 shows vertebral deforming event indentation to left pons.
 Brain computed tomography demonstrates that pseudomeningocele is disappeared.
 Follow-up pelvic computed tomography (CT) scan. Follow-up computed tomography (CT) scan shows a 27.8×17.8 mm urethral diverticulum.
 Power Doppler ultrasound of placental chorioangioma showing the vascularity of the mass
 T2-weighted magnetic resonant imaging of sella showing a giant macroprolactinoma in a male presenting with bitemporal hemianopia and headache. His initial prolactin level was 16000ng/ml. He underwent debulking surgery followed by dopamine agonist therapy
 Ultrasound biomicroscopy revealing a suspected cyclodialysis cleft at the 6 o’clock position.
 CT scan right ovalar 45x35 mm necrosed tumor with irregular margin, with no mediastinal lymph nodes, and no left parenchymatous anomaly and no pleural reaction
 This is the same right bitewing taken with reversed placement. The exposure is done with the correct side of the receptor not facing the X-ray source. Note the only clue is the indicator appearing on the lower right distal corner of the image; the contrast and clarity of the image is not affected
 Follow-up radiograph at 1 year.
 Chronic pancreatitis. Wirsung's duct dilatation in the body of the pancreas, parenchymal atrophy, degenerative changes
  MRI showing a neck abscess.
 X-ray of the abdomen suggesting the presence of the toothbrush in the abdomen
 Total limb lengths were measured from the top of the femoral head to the center of the tibial plafond, femoral lengths were measured from the top of the femoral head to the tip of the medial femoral condylar articular surface. Tibial lengths were calculated by subtracting femoral lengths from the total limb lengths
  Tumor grade III.
 Localized posterior bone scan view of the pelvis and lumbar spine of a 46-year-old Caucasian man with Morquio's syndrome, three hours after a Tc-99m methylene diphosphonate injection. Focal increased uptake is seen in the right sacroiliac joint and sacral body, consistent with fractures, and most likely representing the cause of the patient's pain.
 CT shows a type A AAD with a large entry tear in the aortic arch (black arrow) and retrograde dissection to the ascending aorta and antegrade descending thoracic aorta dissection with distal total thrombosis of false lumen (white arrow).Abbreviations: TL= true lumen, FL= false lumen.
 High resolution computed tomography (HRCT) of RA-ILD with a UIP pattern. An HRCT of a patient with RA showing reticulation and significant honeycombing in a basilar and peripheral distribution with an absence of significant ground glass abnormality.Abbreviations: RA, rheumatoid arthritis; ILD, interstitial lung disease; UIP, usual interstitial pneumonia.
 Cardiac catheterization showing severe proximal RCA spasm with improvement after intra-coronary nitroglycerine infusion.
 Illustration of typical margin after cementation. Note the effect of marginal burnishing during excess cement removal.
 Post implant radiograph.
 Mammography of right breast, craniocaudal view, showed a circumscribed, multilobulated solid mass.
 Contrast meal radiography. The white arrows show extragastric compression. The black arrow shows duodenal stump with ill-defined borders and extravasation of the contrast meal
 Magnetic resonance image of normal articular cartilage. Sagittal fat saturated intermediate-weighted fast spin-echo - repetition time/echo time: 3100/35 - shows normal articular cartilage at the patellofemoral joint with clear demarcation between the articular cartilage and the subchondral bone. Note three-layered cartilage appearance: deeper dark layer (arrowhead), intermediate bright layer (long arrow), and superficial dark layer (short arrow) of lamina splendans.
 Computed tomography showing a hypodense lesion with aggressive imaging features: it thinned bone margins both on the buccal and lingual sides of the mandible.
 Panoramic tomography revealed the periapical lesion associated with teeth 21,22.
 Coronal section of computed tomography scan of chest/abdomen showing dilated heart chamber and left renal mass.
 Postoperative computed tomographic scan showing polyetheretherketone implant in place at the frontal bone.
 Tracing radiograph shows the origin of lesion is endodontic
 The greater omentum passes in front of the small intestines beneath the anterior abdominal wall. In this image, the imaging is done from stomach, and greater omentum lies anterior to small bowel. Two lymph nodes surrounded by fat are seen in the greater omentum
 Follow-up computerized tomography after two cycles of systemic chemotherapy demonstrates a new mass (arrow) in the left lower quadrant area anterior aspect of the iliac wing.
 Purulent discharge
 Representative image from ultrasound imaging on Day 17 from a single animal. Serial estimates of tumor volume (mm3) were calculated from high-frequency ultrasound measurements in three dimensions, taken on Days 3, 9, 14, 16, 20, 23, and 27.
 Fluoroscopic image showing a percutaneous transgallbladder guidewire being advanced antegradely through the gallbladder and common bile duct into the duodenum.
 Good callus formation after three weeks.
 Type I: elongated styloid process
 X-ray of Lauenstein position is showing the disappearance of the calcification.
 Computed tomography of the chest showing bilateral proximal pulmonary emboli (white arrows).
 Abdominal computed tomography. Abdominal computed tomography showed a 3.0-cm low-density tumor in the ileum, suggesting a diagnosis of intestinal lipoma.
 Preoperative periapical X-ray of the lower right second molar.
 Computed tomography of the abdomen and pelvis showing ileostomy with tumor and no evidence of metastasis to the lymph nodes.
 Post-operative esophagram showing residual dysphagia (arrow) [fluid entering esophagus and trachea] and anatomical correction of osteophytes.
 Coronal T1 image of an osteosarcoma of the distal femur with an associated proximal skip lesion (arrow)
 A 34-year-old man with an adhesion-induced closed-loop obstruction. Coronal reformatted image clearly shows a beak sign and the constriction point (arrows), and submucosal edema (arrowheads) of the wall
 Radiographie thoracique de face: opacités réticulo nodulaires bilatérales en rapport avec un syndrome interstitial
 Shoulder hemiarthroplasty.
 Midsagittal T1-weighted MRI shows the posterior cranial fossa, the brainstem and cerebellum. a : length of clivus, b : the anteroposterior length of the foramen magnum from distance between the basion and opisthion on the McRae line, c : the length of the supraocciput between the internal occipital protuberance and the opisthion.
 Turbulent flow presented by collor Doppler image from apical view of a intracavitary mid-level obstruction of left ventricle
 Axial CT Scan of the head showing osseo-sclerotic changes and defect in left maxillary sinus
 Involvement of the spinal meninges along the cauda equine nerve roots
 Pulmonary CT 2 months after the diagnosis and antibiotic treatment.
 Panoramic radiograph of a 13-year-old female, depicting different stages of tooth development of mandibular left side with corresponding tabulated Demirjian's scores that gave an estimated age of 13.13 years using Indian formulas
 Axial chest CT demonstrates movement of dye injected in subcutaneous fistula along posterior pleural space into cavity in posterior segment of right upper lobe. From the cavity dye entered in draining segmental bronchus thus confirming the presence of bronchopleurocutaneous fistula
 Orthopantomogram showing presence of impacted maxillary canines and follicles of third molars
 Hypoattenuated hemidiaphragm: Same patient as in Figure 6. Axial plain CT image of abdomen reveals hypodense and thickened left crus (white arrow) as compared to the right crus
 Postcontrast CT image through the upper abdomen at initial presentation showing two large hypo-attenuating masses in the right and left hepatic lobes, respectively, (single arrows). Note the perihepatic ascites (double arrows).
 Preoperative Percutaneous Transhepatic Cholangiography (PTC) Showing Biliary Duct Ligation Following Previous Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy
 Axial CT post contrast soft tissue windows in patient with adenocarcinoma extending throughout the right nasal cavity, maxillary sinus, and right infratemporal fossa with right intraorbital invasion causing proptosis.
 Normal left coronary artery.
 After intra coronary injection of nitrate in left anterior descending artery
 Anterior posterior position of the totally ocluded subclavian artery.Abbreviations: CAUD, caudal; LAO, left anterior oblique.
 Post-contrast sagittal T1-weighted sequence in a 52-year-old woman with reduced vision in the left eye demonstrates a homogeneously enhancing suprasellar mass (arrow) extending inferiorly into the superior aspect of the sella where it contacts the brightly enhancing anterior pituitary. The mass results in mild elevation of the left side of the optic chiasm
 Angio-computed tomography – showing hypodense thrombi of the intra- and extracranial junction of the right internal carotid artery
 Subsequent high‐resolution computed tomography (HRCT) showed extensive ground‐glass and consolidation on the background of multiple lung cysts.
 Axial view (T2 WI) of thigh MRI shows intramuscular  mass like lesion in left rectus femoris.
 Case 2. Contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image showing supratentorial and infratentorial focal enhancement (black arrows). In this case, there is also diffuse pachymeningeal enhancement (white arrow), due to intracranial hypotension.
 Computerized tomography of the spine showing diastematomyelia with a large intraspinal bony bar at L2–L3 vertebral level
 CECT thorax showing hypodense mass, seen in the posterior mediastinum involving bilateral paravertebral region extending from carina to diaphragm with right-sided pneumothorax with collapse of underlying lung
 Ultrasonography showing cystic area with nodular solid component in the left breast suggestive of an intracystic mass
 X-ray hand showing only two carpal bones
 An orthopantomograph revealing a large round unilocular radiolucent area with moderately defined borders
 Axial CT image on “lung windows” reveals extensive pneumatosis coli, secondary to small bowel obstruction at the level of the entero-enterostomy
 Radiograph of the skull showing diffuse osteoporosis
 Measurement of length of 22 using cone beam computed tomography
 Four days later computed tomography scan. This computed tomography scan obtained 4 days after the rupture shows the cyst with residual contrast, confirming the communication with the pelvicalyceal system, and the placement of the double-J catheter for treatment (arrow).
 Revision surgery with open reduction and internal fixation of the femoral neck fracture combined with femoral shortening and derotation osteotomies.
 Axial MRI image indicating a hypointense rather round mass with signal intensity almost equal to surrounding muscles.
 PET shows increased FDG uptake (SUV=3.9) in the cystic duct (arrow).
 Contrast-enhanced CT chest, axial image in lung window.There is hyperinflation and expansion of the right lung, almost occupying the entire thoracic cavity (yellow arrow). The left chest is asymmetrically smaller when compared to the right (black arrow).
 Cranial pelvic CT scan. CT scan of the second structure, which was localised in the pelvis and diagnosed to be a cystic ovarian neoplasm: cranial scan.
 Initial CT scan with no facial fractures or opacification of paranasal sinuses or mastoid air cells, but extensive facial edema and bilateral proptosis are noted.
 Axial Computerized Tomography scan of the head and neck revealing the large extra cranial well enhancing soft tissue mass in the right temporal region which was seen eroding the right temporal bone
 Image capture from CT fluoroscopy: needle inserted under CT fluoroscopic guidance to a position adjacent to the target nodule.
 Two-dimensional color Doppler of uterine artery flow velocity waveforms
  CT of the head with Fisher IV subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH).
 Targeted approach with USG guidance is especially beneficial for deep-seated joints like the hip and shoulder. The image shows accurate needle placement into the glenohumeral joint space for intra-articular injections
 Postsurgical intraoral periapical radiograph showing the enlarged mental foramen with complete absence of the foreign material.
 The maximum diameter of the femoral condyle was measured from the sagittal images parallel to and perpendicular to Blumensaat’s line in millimeters (A, B) and the tunnel locations in the femur were measured from their own plane (FE, DC).
 Pancreatic mucinous neoplasm in which the cystic cavities can be observed
 Head computed tomography scan after 1 year is normal.
 Out of plane approach showing the needle shaft and tip as a hyper-echoic dot in an example of femoral nerve block
 EUS demonstrating a diffusely enlarged pancreas, especially in the head and neck region, with normal, non-dilated pancreatic duct measuring 1.6 mm, and no focal mass lesion.
 No increased vascularity seen on power Doppler
 Distribution of contrast medium in a reticular pattern producing a " cotton-wool plug" appearance [arrow (32)].
 Large right pneumocephalus compressing right frontal lobe and widening interhemispheric space. There are also air bubbles in basal cisterns and cerebellar fissures bilaterally
 Radiograph on 46-year-old female patient, showing signs of loosening of THA (Muller prosthesis), with AAOS type II acetabular defect and type IV femoral defect(4).
 Chest radiograph showing the central venous catheter abutting the superior vena cava.
 C. Pretreatment HYD
 Ultrasonographic image showing two encapsulated thin walled cavitary lesions (C) in the hepatic parenchyma in buffalo. Dorsal (D), ventral (V).
 Anteroposterior radiograph for the spine showing spina bifida
 Contrast-enhanced sagital CT reconstruction well demonstrates double PG on one side of the head and neck: advanced intradural jugular PG (arrow) and vagal PG (asterisk) with anterior displacement of the internal carotid artery (arrowheads)
 A control angiogram showed the stentgraft in place and the leakage totally occluded
 The ultrasonographic image, demonstrating the isolated ranula without extravasation through the mylohyoid muscle.
 A 4-chamber echocardiogram showing the coin-shaped hydatid cyst with water-lily sign in interventricular septum
 3-D computed tomography (CT) imaging of patient 1. a: Left uterine artery. No descending branch was seen. b: New vessels probably arisen from ascending branch of left uterine artery. c: New vessels probably arisen from ascending branch of right uterine artery. d: Right uterine artery. No descending branch was seen. Identification of each vessel was made by a radiologist (M.T).
 Computed tomography angiography. 2D sagittal reconstructed image showing thrombus in the distal part (top) of the basilar artery (arrow).
 Cardiac catheterization image: showing the "tumor blush" (denoted by "a") with neovascularization seen projecting from the left circumflex artery (arrow) to the "tumor blush."
 MIBG scan shows avid uptake of radiotracer in the right adrenal gland.
 Coronal T1 WI of sella reveals a hypointense mass lesion involving the right half of pituitary gland of size 13 × 10 mm
 The chest anteroposterior radiograph taken one day after left lower lobectomy shows right-sided hydrothorax and mediastinal shifting.
 CT scan of the chest showing right lower lobe scarring and left upper lobe small nodules with focal pleural thickening.
 Frontal (left panel) and transverse (right panel) views of the CT scan performed postoperatively. A well-defined oval hypodense uniform mass is appreciated at the right iliac fossa measuring 10 × 8.4 cm with a central rounded higher density soft tissue area within it (white arrows).
 Preoperative angiography via celiac artery showed that the RGEA graft remained well patent.
 Malignant pleural effusion and pleural tumour nodules of the left hemithorax. This is now classified as M1a (formerly T4).
 Magnetic resonance angiography showing normal carotid vascularity.
 Computed tomography of the chest showing significant tracheobronchial wall thickening with narrowing of intermediate trunk.
 Fundus fluoroscein angiogram showing regression of the choroidal neovascular membrane complex.
 Successful cannulation of the right common carotid artery with 7 Fr Guider Softip Guiding Catheter via the right radial artery
 Contrast-enhanced CT of chest showing pericardial effusion (white arrow), bilateral pleural effusions and left-sided lung consolidation (red arrow).
 Coronal image showing a large parasacral tumour component
 Cervical CT of this patient.Left dominant, bilateral high attenuation was seen at the soft tissues surrounding submandibular glands. Also, bilateral submandibular glands were swelling.
 Abdominal CT shows localized and inhomogeneous enhanced submucosal mass of approximately 3 cm in size on greater curvature of gastric midbody (arrow).
 Endoscopic ultrasound revealed an about 29 × 25-mm inhomogeneously hypoechoic protruding mass in the submucosal layer.
 Single‐shot fast spin‐echo (SSFSE) black‐blood image in a high transverse orientation in a normal fetus. This corresponds to the standard ‘three‐vessel view’ in fetal echocardiography showing the V‐shaped connection between arterial duct (+) and the aorta (*) adjacent to the superior caval vein (S). The thymus gland is seen anteriorly (T)
 Axial CT slice of upper abdomen demonstrating a pneumopertioneum (P) that is contained by the diaphragm (D) and liver (L).
 PTA of obstructed vein with 7×40 mm balloon.
 Iliac crest hematoma. Ice hockey player hit on iliac crest with hockey stick with resultant blood collection (outlined) between the external oblique and the iliac crest.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) coronal slices showing bilateral subchondral geodes and thinned cortical of mandibular condylar process
  Abdominal CT scan. Hematoma of the left iliopsoas (White arrow).
 MRI showing the tumor in the right mandible
 Panoramic radiograph shows the ovoid radiolucent area in the left mandibular ramus (arrow).
 CT angiogram showing a coronal view of multiple collaterals (arrow) with poorly localized portal vein.
 22-year-old woman with developmental venous anomaly. Axial fast spin echo T2 weighted MRI image shows the abnormal increased signal within the infarction.
 The postoperative anteroposterior radiograph shows the application of the LLP and MLP. LLP = lateral locking plate, MLP = medial locking plate.
 Frontal radiograph of the lumbar spine showing metaphyseal bands (white arrow heads)
 Abdominal computed topography finding. Arterial phase computed tomography shows no abdominal mass, but ascites.
 Chest X-ray (posteroanterior view) shows bilateral diffuse micronodular infiltrates
 Flexion teardrop fracture. Sagittal CT image of cervical spine in a young patient following vehicular accident shows wedging of C5 vertebral body with an oblique coronal fracture of the anterior third of the vertebral body, dividing the C5 in to a smaller anterior triangular fragment (short arrow) and a large posterior segment. Retrolisthesis of the C5 vertebral body on C6 behind the fracture line and retropulsed C5 keeping alignment with the cranial C4 vertebral body—suggested by non-interrupted posterior vertebral line (black line), while triangular fragment keeping alignment with the caudal C6 vertebra—suggested by non-interrupted anterior spinal line (white line). Distraction of posterior column is suggested by widening of interspinous/interlaminar space at C4–C5 (long arrow). Facet joint subluxation was seen on the parasagittal images (not shown)
 Ultrasonographic image showing multiple cysts (C) extending on to the diaphragm, pleural cavity, and lungs in a buffalo. Dorsal (D), ventral (V).
 A postoperative periapical radiograph was taken to confirm the filling of the postextraction socket.
 Postero-Anterior view of the skull radiograph shows diffuse opacification of the right maxillary antrum (yellow arrow).
 Radiographic image of the original implantable cardioverter-defibrillator system in the anterior-posterior projection.
 Cross-sectional computed tomography of spontaneously closed loop ileostomy (white arrow).
 One month later, the follow-up coronary computed tomography image shows improvement of liver abscess and no consolidation of lower lung field.
 Chest radiograph (posterior-anterior and lateral view). An anterior diaphragmatic hernia containing some elements of the right colon. The heart and mediastinal contours show no gross abnormality. No obvious hilar mass. No lobar collapse or consolidation. No obvious intrapulmonary mass.
 Location of cholesteatoma within the tympanic cavity (T): (A) Axial CT scan of the petrous bone shows attic cholesteatoma located in the attic region lateral to the ossicles (T1). (B) Axial CT scan shows tympanic cholesteatoma located in the tympanic region medial to the ossicles (T2). (C) Coronal CT scan shows atticotympanic cholesteatoma filling the whole middle ear cavity (T3).
 Right internal carotid artery injection demonstrating a severe stenosis associated with a loop in the distal ICA
 Mouse epicardium: interstitial Cajal-like cells in primary culture (day 5). Fluorescence microscopy after labelling the mitochondria of living cells with MitoTracker Green FM. Mitochondria are concentrated around the cell nucleus and especially in the dilations of the cell process (arrows). Photographic reconstruction; original magnification: 300×.
 Radiograph of the shoulder 6 months after surgical stabilization using suture anchors, showing satisfactory reduction of the acromioclavicular joint
 CT scan of liver with branching hypodense lesions due to hepatic necrosis.
 Coronal projection from the chest CT performed on sheep 12 showing the orientation of the heart in the human standing position. Alignment of the sheep heart is mirrored as compared to the human orientation.
 Computed tomography section showing enlarged greater cornua of hyoid bone
 Left vertebral angiogram shows a dissecting aneurysm. The left posterior inferior cerebellar artery is visualized at the distal portion of the aneurysm (arrow).
 Scrotal US: right hydrocele and right testis in the inguinal canal, normal in size and echotexture.
 A computer tomography scan of the abdomen which shows dilated azygos and hemiazygos veins (dashed arrow).
 Six months post-operative IOPA shows defect depth reduction
 Renal ultrasonogram depicting an echogenic mass in the right kidney the inferior aspect of the kidney that anteriorly displaces the renal sinus.
 Injection in the right coronary artery showing slow empty-ing of the epicardial segments.
 Aortoiliac occlusive disease. After unsuccessful passage of a guide wire into the aorta from either the right or left femoral artery, a 3-Fr dilator was introduced into the left external iliac artery where 30 mL of CO2 was injected (arrow). The CO2 flowed countercurrent through collateral (C) and refluxed into the aorta (A). Antegrade collateral blood flow from the aorta filled the right external iliac artery (REI).
 The patient's chin is too high, causing a flat occlusal plane, splayed condyles, and loss of sharpness of the maxillary incisors.
 Posterior–anterior (A) and oblique (B) X-ray imaging of the left forefoot, showing the integration of the bone graft after 6 weeks.
 Abdomen computed tomography showed diffuse distension of gallbladder (GB) with irregular intraluminal polypoid masses - possible GB cancer rather than xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis.
 X-ray of the left knee (lateral view), taken at the first postoperative out-patient presentation (10 weeks postoperative)
 True Lateral View of mammogram right breast showing Kopan’s 20G 9cm needle localizing a soft tissue nodule (Black circle).
 Coronal computed tomographic scan of the abdomen and pelvis with oral and intravenous contrast demonstrating complete migration of the stent into the body of the stomach
  Film from BSA + 20 mM NaF solution; T = 40°C, RH = 0%.
 The tumor was well controlled on CT images at 2 months after IORT
 Barium swallow showing signs of mechanical obstruction with no contrast seen beyond the fundus of the stomach. The arrow demonstrates the gastric band, which was found behind the stomach acting as an axis for gastric torsion
 Panoramic radiograph showing an oval-shaped unilocular radiolucency with thin corticated borders extending from 23 to 26 regions
 Head CT reveals cortical hypoattenuation (arrows) within the bilateral frontal and occipital lobes with no peripheral enhancing.
 MRI (T2 weighted) showing an enlarged irregular prostate gland and prostate-rectal fistula (white arrow).Abbreviation: MRI, magnetic resonance imaging.
 Endoscopic ultrasound image of the mass arising from the muscularis propria (EUS layer 4)
 Anterior-posterior postoperative X-ray showing good positioning of the intramedullary Gamma nail in the right femur, with a tip-apex distance below 25 mm combined (AP+ axial).
 CT scan of tumour in left ethmoid sinus
 Panoramic X-ray with periodontal teeth.
 In a 59-year-old man with hepatocellular carcinoma with S5 and S8, abdominal wall artery participates in blood supply for the carcinoma.Maximum intensity projection displays that a large, twist branch of abdominal wall artery enter the tumor (white arrow).
 No pneumoperitoneum is visible is thorax X-ray.
 Endoscopic ultrasound image showing the cyst in pancreatic body.
 Undisplaced, atypical mid-shaft fracture of the right femur. A thin fracture line extends through the whole thickness of the lateral cortex. Note the subtle callus reaction.
 Transesophageal echocardiographic assessment of the left ventricular thrombus in the two-chamber view. The thrombus is marked with a white arrow.
 Degenerated discs on MRI.
 Viatorr connecting the bile duct with IVC.
 Chest CT scan taken on June 25, 2002 showing the lesion.
 Soft-tissue window of coronal computed tomography showing calcification of falx cerebri
 Cranial-caudal mammographic view of the right breast. The corresponding mammographic density is marked by a radiopaque BB in the mid-portion of the lateral pole of the breast.
 AP view of barium swallow showing two indentations (arrows) above the thoracic inlet and a slight lateral bulge of the esophageal lumen between the indentations.
 Right IMN with no other evidence of distant spread.
 Computed tomography scan shows well-defined and complex density mass in mesentery or adjacent proximal jejunum.
 CT image of the abdomen. (1) The solid arrow indicates dislodgement of the internal bumper of the PEG tube into the abdominal wall outside the peritoneum. (2) The hollow arrow shows subcutaneous collection of fluid and air in the abdominal wall.
 Follow-up chest radiograph of patient
 Contrast-enhanced CT at recurrence on postoperative day 36, showing peritoneal dissemination and liver metastases
 Ultrasound scan showing large cyst in the right MCDK. The arrow points to the cyst and the dotted line shows the largest dimensions.
 The axial sonographic view of the great auricular nerve (arrow) above the sternocleidomastoid muscle (SCM).
 CT number of the simulated aortic (Signal_a) and the mediastinum portions (Signal_b) were measured within 10-pixel-diameter circular region of interest (ROI) in the each phantom
 Magnetic resonance imaging of the lumbar spine showing disc prolapse at L3/L4 with consecutive stenosis of the lumbar canal.
 Axial section showing intraocular and intracranial lesions
 The target region of radiotherapy included the tumor bed and regional lymph drainage area.
 Radiograph showing condylar hyperplasia (Right side)
  T1-weighted axial lumbar magnetic resonance image demonstrating an incomplete upper sacral fracture line surrounded by an area of bone edema.
 Check X-ray of the pelvis (Mr. Declan Reidy’s fracture clinic, January 1995). The arthroplasty is impacted in valgus position with signs of acetabular erosion.
 Chest radiography from case 2 showing extensive surgical emphysema.
 Anterolateral view of a right temporal bone using cone beam CT-scan. It shows the fenestration and insertion of the cochleovestibular electrodes in the superior ampulla (SA), lateral ampulla (LA), and cochlea (C).
 Abdominal CT-scan: lesion of the anterior wall of the neobladder.
 The right gastroepiploic artery with platinum coils after embolization. The microballoon catheter was placed in the splenic artery (arrow).
 T2* weighted image showing hypointense signal localised in the dentate nuclei of the cerebellum
 Computed tomography (CT) scan: the round shape mass located in the head of the pancreas.
 Computed tomography of the thorax at day 13 demonstrates right pneumothorax (white arrow) with lung infiltrations and bilateral pleural effusions (black arrows). The chest tube is visible (head arrows).
 Supine shows distended bowel loops.
 Showing persistent non-union at 2 years
 Oblique vision of lumbar (L) vertebral bodies, demonstrating the tunnel vision for the needle positioning for sympathetic ganglion block at L3, L4 and L5
 An example of the high score image of the 'poor, but diagnosable' image quality group.
 An enhanced CT image from case 2 at the tracheal level demonstrates dilated, serpiginous abnormal arteries around the trachea at the systemic arterial phase. These are considered to be dilated bronchial arteries. The loss of volume on the affected side is prominent.
 An infant with hand deformity. AP X ray.
 PM II (labeled) is brought to the food vacuole (fv) in cytostomal vacuoles (cv).
 A 62-year-old man, a stone crusher with silicosis. Axial HRCT image (C:-600, W: 1600) shows small, well-defined nodules in the upper lobes. Coalescence of subpleural nodules forms pseudoplaques (arrows)
 EUS image revealing a hypoechoic mass in the mucosal layer without submucosal invasion, and a homogeneous hyperechoic mass in the submucosal layer.
 Postoperative lateral cervical radiograph, 3-level ACDF, and C2 to C7 pedicle screw resulting in optimal correction of the deformity.
 Cervical cancer Stage IIA2. Sagittal T2-weighted image showing a ‘barrel-shaped’ cervical tumour (T) that extends into the upper anterior vagina (white arrow). The normal posterior vagina has a low signal intensity (black arrow)
 Panoramic radiography of the patient.
 CT scan 4 months ago showing infiltrates in the left lower lung.
 Anterior segment OCT image through surgical site
 The distance from the LS line to the ICA bifurcation is 8.64 mm (A). The distance from the LS line to the MCA bifurcation is 2.11 mm (B) and the difference between 2 lines is 6.53 mm. The M1 angle is 51.7 (Asterisk).
 Renal venogram showing the right renal vein with an occlusive or nearly occlusive thrombus in its central aspect with mild extension into the inferior vena cava
 Magnetic resonance imaging scan taken 10 years after breast augmentation with 255-cc Natrelle 410 moderate height, full projection implants in the 33-year-old woman shown in Figure 3.
 Chest radiograph of day 2 showing diffuse alveolar opacities extending to the left upper lung fields, but in the right middle and lower lobe.
 Cervical MRI showing C6-7 right disc herniation
 Lung and abdominal CT showing air in the bladder wall and intraluminal air-fluid level before (a) and after bladder catheter (b)
 MRI image from a young man showing connective tissue accumulations around the vastus lateralis motor point (arrow). The surface-recorded CMAP was 66 % smaller, the sMUP was 60 % smaller and the MUPs were 46 % larger than average for young men
 Postoperative radiograph of the defect
 Coronal section of CT abdomen showing splenic infarct
 CT scan: para-hilar opacity pulmonary (20 × 40 mm) next to a sub segmental bronchus in right upper lobe. Diagnostic of sequestration was performed only during the surgical procedure
 Preoperative echocardiographic finding. The mass (1.98×1.54 cm) is located in the orifice of right lower pulmonary vein, and showed irregular shape. LA, left atrium; RLPV, right lower pulmonary vein.
 The same patient as in Figure 5 at 5-year magnetic resonance imaging. The posterolateral femoral tunnel screw is not visible. The arrow indicates a fluid-filled cyst in the location of the resorbed screw in a coronal T2-weighted fat-suppressed magnetic resonance image.
 LVOT Doppler assessment. Forward flow is seen across the aortic valve with no obvious turbulence.
 Abdominal computed tomography shows no abnormal lesion in the pancreas.
 CT scan: coronal reconstruction of a left lung mass (arrow)
 Computed tomography of the chest, showing new bilateral patchy ground-glass opacities.
 C3 category of MCI
 Ultrasound abdomen shows left kidney 7.5 cm with moderate to gross hydronephrosis
 Transverse CT image demonstrating right-sided colonic diverticulitis.
 Ultrasound image of the thoracoacromial artery originating from the axillary artery.AA: axillary artery, AV: axillary vein, TAA: thoracoacromial artery, PM: pectoralis major muscle.
 Postoperative chest posteroanterior radiograph showing good expansion of left lung with chest drain in situ.
 A-P radiograph of the hand showed multiple carpal ossification centres equivalent to bone age of 7 years 4 months. Supernumerary phalange characteristically situated between the metacarpal and proximal phalanx of the index finger, and existence of metaphyseal enlargement and pseudoepiphysis (arrow) were noted as well.
 Chest radiograph showing multiple cavities in both upper zones of the six lung zones using as landmark the mid-section of the hilar structure, the second anterior rib below the mid-section of the hilar structure, and the cardiac angle.
 A 44-year-old female with symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. Transverse USG shows the transverse carpal ligament (arrow) superficial to a normal median nerve
 CT aorta: arrow points at the differential myocardial enhancement corresponding to large area of infarct.
 T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at the level of the cervicomedullary junction showing an ill-defined area of increased signal posterior and lateral to the left, tracking caudally into the region of the vagal nuclei of the medulla, representative of demyelination.
 Anteroposterior view of the right carotid angiography showing an aneurysm (arrow) at the bifurcation of the right middle cerebral artery.
 Pneumobilia. Linear gas shadowing is noted centrally within the liver in the region of the porta hepatis (black arrow). This patient had a previous sphincterotomy.
 Epidural steroid injection via the transforaminal approach at the left L5, S1 root. Contrast media is spreading to the epidural space through the left L5, S1 root sleeves.
 X-ray image taken for confirmation of K-wire insertion and the fracture is at the mid-diaphyseal region.
 MRI scan obtained after this patient initially presented to the emergency department demonstrating 4.5 cm, ring-enhancing, left parietal mass with surrounding edema consistent with GBM.
 Thoracic high-resolution computed tomography showing multiple thin-walled cysts throughout lungs. Drainage tube in the right hemithorax (red arrow).
 X-ray chest showing opaque left hemithorax
 Present coronal view showing ankylotic mass on left side and medial segment of sagittaly fractured left condyle.
 Perivascular involvement. There are several enhancing foci in the right hemisphere along a perivascular distribution (arrows).
 Case 1, nine months after the operation with stabilization of the scapula.
 Digital subtraction angiography - cannulation of left renal artery showing a large filling defect.
 Aspiration pneumonia. The white lung sign is seen in the middle field of the right lung (←→); the pleural line with normal continuity and echogenicity (↓). A convex probe
 Gray scale and Colour Doppler of testicular trauma. In this type of injury, US images also demonstrate poorly defined testicular margins and heterogeneous echotexture, with focal hyperechoic or hypoechoic areas in the testicular parenchyma corresponding to areas of hemorrhage or infarction . Color and duplex Doppler images may show decreased flow or no flow.
 Axial slice triple contrast chest/abdominal CT at the level of the right adrenal gland showing intra-abdominal and retroperitoneal free air.
 B scan Ultrasonography of retinal periphery using transverse section showing shallow choroidal effusion
 MRCP showing agenesis of dorsal pancreas
 Apical four-chamber view showing isolated right ventricular and atrial dilatation. Note the significantly enlarged right ventricle and right atrium, compared with the small left ventricle and left atrium.
 Final image after deployment of the self-expandable metal stent
 Abdominal CT image showing gallbladder distension, wall thickening (short arrow) and a 2.5 cm stone in the gallbladder lumen (long arrow). This excluded empyema or abscess complications.
 Computed tomography of the lumbar spine. Sagittal reconstruction through the perched right L5–S1 facet joint
 T1-weighted coronal magnetic resonance imaging shows a discontinuity in the lingual cortex of the left mandibular ramus, signifying involvement.
 The angiogram shows a pseudo-aneurysm (white arrow) in the middle part of the right internal carotid artery at the nasopharyngeal level with the adjacent parent vessel, exhibiting moderate stenosis
 A 64-year-old woman with a ruptured wide-necked bifurcation aneurysm of the right middle cerebral artery who presented with sudden onset severe headache. Digital subtraction angiography image taken during right internal carotid artery contrast injection showing a wide-necked right middle cerebral artery bifurcation aneurysm (arrow). Note mild irregularity of the distal cervical segment of internal carotid artery due to vasospasm (arrowhead).
 Photograph of orthopantomogram with multilocular radiolucency on the left side of the mandible
 Rendering of vorticity around a single granule showing antiparallel vortex tubes (green, opaque surfaces) at the edges of the intergranular lanes (near the right hand side edge) and a ring vortex at the head of a downdraft with two trailing vortex tubes leading up to the surface (center left). The transparent red and blue shows the velocity divergence ∇ × u red (positive) identifies the diverging flow inside the granule while blue (negative) identifies the converging flow in the intergranular lanes.
 Spinal anormalies with magnetic resonance imaging.
 Venography with injection into the splenic vein after left gastric vein embolization and portal trunk pre-dilation. No residual flow in varices. Guiding catheter parallel to the safety wire in the portal trunk.
 Magnetic Resonance Cholangio-Pancreatography with secretin stimulation (1 IU/Kg/body weight); branch-duct IPMN (uncinate process): presence of filling defects within the cystic lesion representing nodules and papillary projections
 Chest computed tomography showing acute exacerbation of interstitial pneumonia (August 2014).
 A noncontract computed tomography of the head showed an expansile, hyperattenuating lesion arising from the left caudate head.
 Enhancement computed tomography (CT) showed soft tissue tumor and manifest intensification.
 Intraoperative fluoro image confirming the anatomic reduction as well as the appropriateness of screw lengths.
 The wide-base saccular lesion was located adjacent to the aortic bifurcation.
 Example of a Difficult case.
 Axial T1-weighted magnetic resonance image reveals no abnormalities in the third nerve and the midbrain.
 Right femoral angiography of a 13-year-old boy with a leak from the right cavernosal artery to the right corpus cavernosum.
 A 20 month post operative X ray picture showing well maintained articular margin and the joint space. The lytic lesion seems filled up
 Preoperative radiograph of the lower right first molar.
 A CT image of the head at the level of the eyes from a bycatch gray seal (Halichoerus grypus). The image was acquired using a bone reconstruction algorithm and displayed on a wide window that results in only gas being displayed as dark gray or black. Normal gas accumulations in the nasopharynx (*) and oral cavity (white circle) are observed. Abnormal gas accumulations within tissues and vasculature, some demonstrated by black arrows, are also present.
 Representative picture of sonographic assessment for scar tissue. The white arrow indicates the triangular hypo-echoic scar tissue region
 Assessment of posthemorrhagic hydrocephalus advancement
 X-ray examination of both hands: periarticular osteoporosis, inflammatory subchondral cysts and erosions in the scapholunate joint of the right wrist, bilateral narrowing of the joint space in the radiocarpal, midcarpal and carpometacarpal joints as well as joint space narrowing of the 3rd-4th PIP joints of the right hand, 2nd-3rd PIP joints of the left hand, and the 2nd MCP joint of the left hand
 MRI image showing the site of the tumor in the left tibia (Case 1).
 Case 2. Plain CT showed a lytic lesion in the posterior superior iliac spine (arrow).
 T2 sagittal image showing a partially solid and cystic mass extending from C3–C4 disc space to D3 body level
 Post-contrast coronal T1-weighted image demonstrates pituitary macroadenoma (white narrow arrows) with extension into suprasellar area. Incidental note is made of a hypersignal lesion in the left sphenoclival area (open arrow).
 SPECT scan showing reduced perfusion in the left temporal lobe in subject no. 3
 Postoperative radiograph after one week
 Preop radiograph (right side)
 Hamartomas. Axial CT shows popcorn calcification in a benign solitary pulmonary nodule (arrow)
 Final image following impaction of the Nester Embolization Coils.
 Coupe scannographique axiale montrant une lésion scapulaire secondaire
 Pre- and post-manipulation radiographs of an 11-year-old boy with a left distal forearm fracture
 Computed tomography scan of the brain shows a hypodense area in right corona radiata with dilatation of ipsilateral ventricle suggestive of gliosis due to old parenchymal insult
 CT image showing hydronephrosis in the right kidney.
 Postsurgical abscess: A 17-year-old boy with history of ulcerative colitis, s/p total colectomy and ilioanal anastomosis. The patient developed an abscess (arrowhead) adjacent to the anastomatic site (arrow), secondary to an anastomatic leak.
 Transthoracic apical for 4 chamber view shows an unusual finding in mitral annular region (LA: Left atrium, LV: Left ventricle)
 Echocardiography (subcostal anatomically corrected view) – showing aorta arising from a rudimentary right ventricle which is connected to the left ventricle through a nonrestrictive foramen
 Cirrhotic liverThe portal venous phase axial T1 fat saturation (FS) image shows hepatic surface nodularity (arrows) and a widening of the gallbladder fossa.
 To classify lateral incisional hernias, four zones lateral of the rectus muscle sheaths were defined
 Large right cardiac mass (arrow) on CT angiography.
 Preoperative C-T Thoracic Scan. C-T Thoracic Scan – Large mass in the left atrium without enhancement.
 Femoral-head penetration using digitized X-rays and the Dorr method
 Previous abdominal ultrasonography of the same patient, taken 8 years before diagnosis of diffuse hepatic hemangiomatosis and coexistent giant cavernous hemangioma.Diffuse and inhomogeneous echogenicity is located in the center of the liver.
 Standing chest radiograph reveals left lower lung infiltration and abnormal gas retention in the right hepatic area with an air–fluid level.
 TTE: echocardiographic appearance of left ventricular hydatid cyst
 CT axial showing right temporal lobe protruding toward the right orbit
 Direct sign, such localized gas collections related to bowel perforations, may be detectable, particularly if they are associated with other sonographic abnormalities, called indirect signs (thickened bowel loop and air bubbles in ascitic fluid or in a localized fluid collection, bowel or gallbladder thickened wall associated with decreased bowel motility or ileus)
 Chest X-ray showing resolution of pulmonary congestion 3 days after admission.
 Postoperative anterior segment optical coherence tomography at 3 months follow-up showing a well-elevated bleb with subconjunctival Ologen (red asterisk) in situ
 Anteroposterior radiograph after internal fixation of the shaft fracture and reduction of the dislocation.
 Patient K. M, aged 19. CT scan. Cross section on horizontal plane
 Abdominal CT. An edematous intestinal tract image (arrows) over the median abdominal wall was observed.
 X-ray Pelvis AP view- reveals Osteosclerosis with ossification of sacrotuberous ligament, sacrospinous ligament, iliolumbar and lumbosacral ligaments and bony overgrowth at ligamentous attachment site.
 The combination of a pigment epithelium detachment with accompanying subretinal fluid and intraretinal fluid may be a sign of choroidal neovascularization or retinal angiomatous proliferation, in this Cirrus™ optical coherence tomography image.
 Gadolinium-enhanced, T1-weighted, MRI shows an enhancing lesion involving the right thalamus and splenium of the corpus callosum at relapse.
 Transabdominal 3D colour data volume at 19 weeks gestation of the same patient from The data volume can be manipulated to produce a coronal image of the vessel/s immediately superior to the cervix.
 Tricuspid atresia and transposition of great arteries with juxtaposition of the atrial appendages
 CT findings of ROCLC. CT image of a post-coital patient who presented with persistent abdominal pain for a period of 1 day and negative HCG test. Single arrow indicates mixed-density blood clots inside the cystic shadow
 TTE image demonstrating a pattern of global hypokinesis.
 Lumbar spine magnetic resonance imaging with gadolinium shows recurrent disc herniation at the same level.
 Residual defect – overall smaller
 Acute pulmonary edema (after 7 h of Leiurus abdullahbayrami envenomation).
 Expiratory chest radiograph taken 2 hours post-procedure shows no pneumothorax despite the patient’s history of COPD.
  Revision anterior lumbar interbody fusion performed 18 months after initial L3–L4 posterior onlay fusion. Arrow demonstrates lack of bone union across the motion segment.
 Posterior thoracic computed tomography scan illustrating a dominant pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (solid arrows) in the right lower lung lobe. There is a small feeder vessel (open arrows) which is more superior than the larger vessel seen in figure 2.
 VCUG showing a small rounded cystic outpouching from the ventral aspect of the proximal bulbar urethra-Cowper's gland syringocele.
 CT scan showing regular thickening of the duodenal wall (D3).
 Lateral radiograph of the right knee following the initial injury demonstrates a large suprapatellar joint effusion (asterisk) and undulating contour of the patellar tendon (arrow).
 Superselective angiography of the right MMA. Abnormal vascular networks are seen (arrows)
 Two-dimensional image where we can see a small penis ventrally oriented and located between the scrotal folds, which include both testes. In this projection it is possible to see the anomalous localization of the meatus (arrow).
 Computed tomography scan of the abdomen showing a heterogenously enhancing left adrenal mass with stippled calcification within it
 Sibling C - X-ray of right ankle showing abnormal osteolytic process of epiphyses of distal tibia and fibula, aged 8 yo.
 A 40-year-old man presenting with pain in the flank and abdomen together with flank tendernessCT scan without contrast shows a soft tissue mass (arrow) which is located in the retroperitoneal area at the level of the fourth and fifth lumbar vertebrae.
 IOPA after retrieval of the metallic screw.
 Axial FLAIR image showing bilateral, symmetrical hyperintensities in the globus pallidus
 Transverse T2-weighted image demonstrates left paratesticular tumor heterogeneity. The mass (arrowhead) was slightly hyperintense when compared to the ipsilateral testicular parenchyma (arrow). Left hydrocele (long arrow)
 Carbon dioxide gas embolism detected by transesophageal echocardiography. Air bubbles are seen in the right pulmonary artery on a mid-esophageal ascending aortic short axis view. AA: ascending aorta, RPA: right pulmonary artery.
 Enhanced computed tomography revealed a low density area surrounding the aorta at the level of the inferior mesenteric artery and the right total iliac artery.
 MRI head, T1 weighted axial image
 TOE mid-oesophageal aortic valve short axis view demonstrating air bubbles in right atrium and normal appearance of the left atrium with no air bubbles
  Preoperative maxillofacial magnetic resonance imaging (coronal T1-weighted). Arrow shows the mass originating from the right inferior turbinate.
 A transesophageal echocardiogram in a four-chamber view showing a right atrial mass, 4 × 3.5 cm.
 Anteroposterior hip radiograph in a 19-year-old girl showed severe osteoarthritis matching the grade III of Kellgren-Lawrence grading scale. Note the flattened and dysplastic epiphyses associated with large osteophytes with marked narrowing of the joint spaces, sclerosis and subsequent deformity of the bony contour, coxa valga and osteopenia.
 Baumann’s angle, formed by the intersection of a line drawn down the humeral shaft axis and a line drawn along the physeal line of the lateral condyle.
 MRI showing a retroperitoneal node, with an increase in signal in the potentiated sequences in T2 and restriction to the diffusion and enhancement with contrast.
 Image of the carotid artery wall displacement estimated from the b-mode ultrasound using region tracking and block matching.
 A more medial entry point has corrected the neck shaft angle but some lateral translation of the proximal fragment has occurred.
 Measurement of the tibial tunnel guide pin using the Staubli technique. A line is drawn perpendicular to the tibial axis at the widest portion of the tibial plateau (A + B). Next, a perpendicular line is dropped from the articular entry point of the guide pin. The percentage of plateau diameter is determined as follows: A ÷ (A + B).
 Reformatted reconstruction showed column fatty mass occluding the bronchial lumen.
 Chest x-ray showing a nasogastric tube folded into both main bronchi of a patient.
 Classification of caries according to the depth of caries in radiography. Sound (R0), restricted to the enamel (R1), reaching the dentinoenamel junction, reaching the outer half of the dentin (R2) and the inner half of the dentin (R3)
 Focal XGN in a 54-year-old with unexplained weight loss. Low attenuation lesion (23 HU) in lower pole of left kidney (black arrow) Note associated inflammation in the posterior perinephric space and thickened pararenal fascia (white arrows).
 A large filling defect with central ulceration about 6×3 cm in size in the anterior wall side of the residual stomach body.
 Chest radiograph on day 1
 Case 2: CT of the chest revealed a bulla in the right lung extending across the mediastinum below the sternum (arrow)
 Altered signal intensity bone marrow oedema of the humeral head defect demonstrated on MRI. 61x58mm (150 x 150 DPI).
 CT abdominal/pelvis obtained after repeat colonoscopy negative for intraluminal obstruction and return of abdominal distention and increase of abdominal pain. Question of pancreatic colonic fistula.
 Computed tomography showing a 3.3 × 5.6 cm sized thick-walled cystic lesion.
 Macular image segmentation using OCTRIMA software.Top: the image of a healthy macula scanned by Stratus OCT. Bottom: the same OCT scan processed using OCTRIMA software. Abbreviations: GCL+IPL, ganglion cell layer and inner plexiform layer complex; INL, inner nuclear layer; ONL, outer nuclear layer; OPL, outer plexiform layer; RNFL, retinal nerve fiber layer; RPE, retinal pigment epithelium.
 Hepatobiliary gas. Axial minimum-intensity projection T2-weighted postmortem magnetic resonance imaging image following neonatal death shows hepatobiliary air, likely in the hepatic veins in this case
 CT scan shows single thin-walled cavity in the lower-left lobe.
 Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) showing normal caliber patent common bile duct (red arrow) with no filling defect.
 Pre-operative CT scan showing the huge hepatic mass arising from the caudate lobe with a right sided dislocation of the inferior vena cava (arrow).
 Pretreatment lateral cephalometric radiograph
 A T 2 weighted coronal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan of pelvis with both hips showing undisplaced complete fracture on the left side and incomplete fracture on the right inferior neck.
 A right parasternal echocardiogram with color flow Doppler from a 7-year-old cat with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy. Mitral regurgitation and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction secondary to systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve are seen. This patient has significant left ventricular hypertrophy of the interventricular septum and free wall.
  CT scan showing a pericardial mass lesion with suppression of the right ventricle. CT, computed tomography.
 CE CT. Bilateral paragangliomas at the level of caroid bifurcation.
 Pre-operative X-Rayshowing bilateral quadrilateral plate fracture.
 Magnetic resonance imaging after the bladder capacity improved to 75mL showed a well-rounded muscle layer.
 Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. After endoscopic maior papillary sphincterotomy and drainage of blood clots mixed up with bile, cholangiography with iodinated contrast media retrograde injection shows mild bile ducts dilatation.
 Angiogram following feeding artery embolization of both arteriovenous malformations.
 Portable antero-posterior chest X-ray with right sided lobe collapse/consolidation pneumonia
 Panoramic view of the jaw showing multiple impacted teeth, over-retained deciduous teeth, hypoplastic maxillary sinus and slender coronoid process.
 Chest computed tomography obtained on arrival reveals a ground glass appearance in the bilateral lung fields
 Axial CT scan shows a hypodense lesion in the spleen.
 Postoperative computed tomography demonstrating the clear left maxillary sinus
 18F PET-CT scan. Lytic lesionin thoracic vertebrae body.
 Short-axis post contrast T1-w inversion recovery gradient echo MRI sequence shows patchy mid myocardial LGE in the basal lateral (straight arrow) in a patient with Anderson Fabry’s disease
 Contrast enhanced CT, soft tissue window: Soft tissue metastasis in the right vastus medialis/intermedius muscles.
 Chest X-ray: Thick pleural peel not allowing full expansion of the right lung
 Pretreatment CT shows a solid soft tissue mass (95 × 75 × 112 mm) in the upper mediastinum, with leftward displacement of the trachea and complete obstruction of the superior vena cava.
 A gray-scale ultrasound image of the lesion shows a well-defined isoechoic oval mass, parallel with the skin measuring 7 mm × 3.5 mm, containing the small hyperechoic foci of calcification observed on the mammogram.
 Axial noncontrast CT image showing an enlarged left internal mammary lymph node (arrow) measuring 1.6 × 2.1cm.
 Postcontrast sagittal image of spine showing a contrast enhancing extradural lesion at D2-4 level with cord compression
 Abdominal contrast-enhanced CT (arterial phase) showing a thrombus in the proximal left renal vein (arrow). The right renal vein is patent throughout.
 Abdominal ultrasound performed 3 months later reveals further reduction of the hematoma's dimensions.
 Abdominal CT scan showing a NF-PTEN located in the head of the pancreas. It is important to note that there is no evidence of invasion of adjacent tissue by the tumour
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography examination prior to treatment. A tumor with a 13-cm diameter was detected in the left kidney
 Axial, T2-weighted magnetic resonance image of the patient, showing atrophy of the cerebellum and the cerebellar vermis.
 Coupe tomodensitométrique montrant une masse colique droite (flèche)
 Cervical CT scan objectifying a retropharyngeal collection without discovertebral lysis and also confirming the presence of the foreign body
 Computed tomography shows a 2.5 × 2.0 cm, exophytic submucosal mass (arrow).
 Sagittal post-gadolinium fat saturated T1-weighted brain magnetic resonance imaging at presentation shows an enhancing fourth ventricular mass (M) and an enlarged third ventricle (arrow). Lateral ventricles were also enlarged (not shown).
 An abdominal computed tomography (CT) scan showing a heterogeneous mass (3 cm × 4 cm) located in the lower part of the stomach body. The tumor is indicated with an arrow.
 Medial migration of the Lag Screw into the pelvis at the ten week post operative clinic visit.
 Selected axial image of the upper abdomen showing an afferent loop of bowel (anterior arrow) entering the lesser sac and an efferent limb (posterior arrow) exiting. Trace of fluid near the edge of the liver.
 Dentigerous cyst
 Chest x-ray showed left midzone consolidation, consistent with pulmonary tuberculosis. An incidental finding was severe wedging of T11 and to a lesser extent T9.
 Chest X-ray postoperative day 3, status post tissue plasminogen activator and pulmozyme
 Measurement of the femoral anteromedial tunnel diameter using a coronal T1-weighted magnetic resonance image. The arrow indicates the fully ossified posterolateral femoral tunnel and screw.
 The nonanatomic position present at the time of the patient's evaluation.
 USG of the fetus in the sagittal plane at the level of neck shows no pouch (in the emptying stage)
 Watchman device, shown by the bracket, is well seated at the ostium of the left atrial appendage.
 Figure 1: Plain abdominal film showing a single dilated bowel loop in the centre of the abdomen immediately inferior to the body of the stomach. Inset shows UGI contrast study that demonstrated the contrast flowing freely into a markedly distended duodenum as far as the DJ flexure, which appeared in the normal position. A small amount of contrast entered a normal calibre jejunum.
 Chest X-ray demonstrating multiple coil embolization done for pseudoaneurysm of left inferior phrenic artery and multiple intercostal arteries. Note the presence of percutaneous placed catheter for drainage of peripancreatic necrosis.
 Her2/neu-positive HR-positive tumor in a 57 year old patient (G3, invasive ductal). The tumor presents as a hypoechoic mass with relevant architectural distortion of the surrounding tissue.
 Mammogram of the right breast showing the mass (arrow).
  Barium esophagography revealed 1 cm arc filling defect in distal of stomach with intervening normal mucosa.
 The final result: ILM (red) and RBC (green).
 Abdominal X-ray demonstrating the peritoneal end of the ventriculoperitoneal shunt catheter (arrows).
 Coronal view of CT scan.
 A representative result of a videofluoroscopic swallowing study (VFSS). The pharyngeal barium residue is the total amount pooling in the epiglottic vallecular (A) and piriform recess (B).
 CECT chest showing cannon-ball metastases
 Color Doppler of the fistula communicating the aortic root and the right atrium.
 T2-weighted axial image shows symmetrical hyperintensities in the central tegmental tracts
 Barium esophagram demonstrating large filling defect in esophagus (arrow pointing to filling defect).
 Computed tomography scan of the thorax showing progression of the right-sided pulmonary metastases approximately 3 months after radiotherapy to other targets. Temporary nontargeted effect.
 Transvaginal ultrasonography shows a solid mass (arrow) with hypoechogenic cysts in the Douglas’ pouch
 Computed tomographic (CT) scan of the abdomen and pelvis showing small tract (red arrow) extending from the sigmoid colon towards the bladder dome suggestive of fistulous communication
 Coronal T2-weighted, fat suppressed MR image of the right shoulder also demonstrating the humeral head lesion (arrow). Abnormal signal involving the rotator cuff (arrowheads) was confirmed to represent full thickness tearing on additional images. Study was degraded by patient motion. [Powerpoint Slide]
 CECT chest (lung window) shows multiple varying nodules in both lungs.
 MRI Brain T1WI (axial view) showing isointense to hypo intense lesion in the left frontal lobe
 CT cervical spine: sagittal view showing fracture-dislocation of C6 vertebra with facet joint subluxation at C6/C7.
 Neck CT demonstrating thyroid hematoma and displaced trachea.
 T2-weighted mid-coronal section showing suprasellar cyst causing compression of thalami
 Abdomen X-ray one year ago shown the same shape and size of the radiopaque object located at the left lower abdomen, which suggested the firm fixation of the needle to the abdominal wall.
 In the ultrasound scan, on the left side of the bladder the cystic pouch with shadowing calculi is seen.
 Postbiopsy hemorrhage. T1-weighted images show hyperintense focus (arrow) in the left peripheral zone, consistent with postbiopsy hemorrhage
 A computed tomography scan of the abdomen. Large cystic tumor in the tail of the pancreas along with moderate splenomegaly.
 CT Abdomen showing the mass in the proximal small bowel.
 Case 1: Computed tomography revealed a mass located in the atrium of the greater curvature protruding into the gastric cavity.
 Postcontrast computed tomography of the neck showing left cervical lymph nodes swelling (arrow) with edema and increased density of adjacent subcutaneous tissue layer (arrowhead), and retropharyngeal low density without ring enhancement (long arrow).
 Pulmonary angiogram in AP and lateral views showing normal branching pattern; the left lower lobe is also being supplied by the pulmonary artery
 Coronal CT of the abdomen demonstrates dilated, thick-walled appendix (arrow) containing an appendicolith.
 Trans-sternal approach for biopsy of pre-tracheal node in a treated case of renal cell carcinoma on follow up. PET-CT showed hypermetabolism in this node. Biopsy results revealed tuberculous lymphadenitis
 Initial MRI brain scan.
 Treatment plan. Red = 88%; green = 73%; blue = 50%; yellow = 20% isodose line.
 Computed tomography scan 1 year after surgery. Coronal view shows solid bone fusion across the spacers in an almost pillar-like shape.
 Case 4. Fluoroscopy image shows the anomaly including the pancreaticobiliary maljunction (white arrow) and pancreas divisum (red arrow).
 T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the mass. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows a high signal intensity mass in the left maxillary sinus, which is surrounded by a low-signal intensity rim (arrows)
 Radiographic Images
 Anterior occlusal radiograph of mandibular arch showing presence of a cystic lesion
 Images after contrast and brightness correction
 Contrast study obtained on the 14th postoperative day shows the disappearance of the diverticulum, although the small and confined leak from the esophagus remains.
  Early postoperative midline sagittal postcontrast magnetic resonance imaging showing a small residual tumor in the tectal plate region.
 Neck ultrasound evaluation showed a mixed solid and cystic lesion with septations, and irregular and thick margins in lateral region.
 Type IIb aberrant right gastric vein in 69-year-old man. Aberrant right gastric vein (arrow) is connected to segment I portal vein in end-to-side fashion via multiple collateral channels.
 CECT scan of the chest shows soft tissue density in the anterior and middle mediastinum encasing the SVC, aorta and pulmonary artery. SVC is chinked (arrow) with formation of multiple collaterals in the chest wall (arrowhead).
 Post 1-year panoramic radiograph shows formation of bone in the nasal floor around implants
 Second fractured screw
 Non-contrast enhanced CT of the upper abdomen shows diffuse thickening of gastric antral wall with punctate calcifications (arrows).
 Fluoroscopic image of the catheter ablation of isthmus-dependent atrial flutter
 Contrast-enhanced MR angiogram demonstrates partial anomalous pulmonary venous return. A pulmonary vein draining the right upper and middle lobes terminates in the superior vena cava.
 Tc labeled bone scan revealing diffuse heterogeneity and increased uptake at the bilateral buttocks.
 Mucormycosis showing nodular densities, some with cavitation.
 TEM BF image taken from the unDRXed grain of QEA after tensile test at RT with strain of 5% (B = [110], g = (0002)).
 Conventional radiography of the antero-posterior view of pelvis in the patient.
 Burr orientation: When creating either the hinge or open sides, the burr should be placed at the lateral mass-laminar junction and then oriented perpendicular to the lamina (left). The burr should not be oriented perpendicular to the floor (right), as this will lead to unnecessary removal of facet and make it more difficult to achieve the goal of entering and decompressing the spinal canal.
 CT scan of the chest of the patient 1 revealing large amount of free liquid in right pleural cavity with drainage and a pathological nodule in subcutaneous tissue within the right anterior part of chest wall
 Radiography of patient. A long and narrow thorax, short and horizontal costae, and short extremities.
 Axial view shows bilateral and symmetric peri-renal infiltration. Irregular bands present along posterior parts of peri-renal infiltration gives the appearance of "hairy kidney". The posterior margin of the pancreas is indistinct due to the infiltrate in the retroperitoneum.
 Coronal T2W magnetic resonance image shows the absence of the septum pellucidum, a flat roof of the lateral ventricles, a “point down” appearance to the inferior parts of the frontal horns, the loss of normal gyral architecture of the left temporal lobe, thickened cortex with indistinct corticomedullary interface (polymicrogyria) and enlarged left Sylvian fissure.
 Pericardial and pleural effusions in a patient with takotsubo syndrome. Cine CMR axial view at the level of the pulmonary valve
 OPG shows left lower 4 pushed to the lower border due to previous circum-mandibular wiring and a persisting infection with sinus
 Same kidney 1.5 months later. SFU grade IV hydronephrosis; Calculated HI 27. The dotted line outlines the entire renal area, including renal pelvis [black] and parenchyma (dark gray). While the SFU grade remained the same, the HI has deteriorated significantly, indicating an actual worsening HN.
 The esophagus being compressed by the origin of the subclavian artery.
 Arachnodactyly with high metacarpal index MCI
 Measurement of pseudotumor size on a magnetic resonance image by manually outlining the greatest size of the mass using computer software
 X-ray of the hand showing brachydactyly, short metacarpal bones, and delayed carpal ossification.
 Large spherical multi-loculated cystic mass.
 (Case 2) USG Doppler showing thrombus in Rt. Popliteal vein
 High-resolution chest computed tomography before the initiation of oxaliplatin, 5-fluorouracil, and leucovorin (FOLFOX) treatment. There is underlying emphysema on both upper lungs.
 Repeat MRI of the lumbar spine on hospital day 10. Visible here is a persistent fluid collection within the left psoas muscle that has increased in size from previous MRI (Figure 2) despite CT guided aspiration.
 Radial and thumb abnormalities in Fanconi anemia. Absence of the thumb and radius as well as malformed ulna are visible on radiography.
 Computed tomography indicated a tumor measuring 65 × 50 mm in the stomach, which was suspected to have invaded into the pancreas, but no metastatic lesions were detected. T: tumor; SA: splenic.
 T2 weighted magnetic resonance scan image after two months showing marked improvement, mainly in putamen (long arrow).
 Radiographic view of the right MC II. The supernumerary digit composed of proximal (I), middle (II) and distal (III) phalanges at the distal aspect of MC II.
 Ultrasonographic soft tissue thickness over A cephalometric point
 Coronal abdominal CT scan image consistent with bowel wall thickening and pneumatosis intestinalis.
 Computed tomography scan of lumbar vertebrae indicating a spondylolytic defect on the right and reactive sclerosis on the left.
 One year postoperative x-ray showing union of the fractures of the acetabulum after revision of the bipolar femoral head and bone grafts, and the method of stabilization of the femoral fracture with elastic plate and titanium bands.
 On the MRI image tethering of the spinal cord was seen at L5-S1 level. Additonally a herniation of an intervertebral disc is seen (asymptomatic and left untouched at surgery).
 Image tomodensitométrique thoracique montrant un magma d’adénopathies latéro-trachéal refoulant et laminant la veine cave supérieure et la trachée
 Computed tomography scan of the chest demonstrating densities and diffuse nodular lesions, some presenting cavitations
 25-year-old woman with suspected pulmonary embolism. A delayed fluoroscopic image after pulmonary angiography reveals a persistent contrast blush, which confirms right pulmonary artery injury resulting in contrast extravasation into the vessel wall (arrow).
 Positioning of K-wires in 20 degrees cranio-caudal and 30 degrees medial.
 Fracture of the left femur at the middle part.
 Transesophageal echocardiogram at 0 degree demonstrating the connection between the mid portion of coronary sinus and left atriumAbbreviations: CS: Coronary Sinus; LA: Left Atrium; RV: Right Ventricle
 Posterior-anterior radiograph of a women with  double major scoliosis taken at age 34 years.(Reprinted with permission from Asher M, Burton DC: Natürlicher verlauf und langzeitauswirkungen der idiopathischen adoleszentenskoliose. In Wirbel Säulen Deformitäten: Konservatives Management. Edited by Weiss HR. München: Pflaum; 2003:97-107.)
 Coronal T2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of both hips showing collapse of the left femoral head, and a focal area of osteonecrosis in the right femoral head.
 Endoscopic necrosectomy under fluoroscopy guidance. Dormia basket visible in the cavity of WOPN collection. The lower end of the nasal drain is also visible in the collection's cavity
 Using a linear transducer (10–5 MHz, Sonosite Bothel, WA), a paramedian oblique sagittal scan was used to obtain the view of the transverse processes. A slight lateral tilt was applied to optimize visualization of the pleural lining (white asterisk). The needle was advanced in a caudal to cranial direction until the tip was placed underneath the costotransverse ligament. After negative aspiration, hydrodissection with saline was used and anterior displacement of the pleura was confirmed. TP = transverse process. Blue arrow delineates needle trajectory. The white asterisk represents the pleura.
 AP cranial view showing dominant RCA supplying LCX territory.
 Arteriogram after embolization to a splenic aneurysm demonstrates no extravasation.
 (B) Fundus fluorescein angiography showing increased leakage from NVD with diffuse leak in the macular area
 Chest x-ray revealed an abnormal shadow on the right lung.
 Brain MRI T2 Bilateral parieto-occipital hyperintese lesion.
 View of the sternoclavicular joints: soft tissue swelling, blurred, uneven margin of the sternal end of clavicles with loss of bone shadow, sclerosis.
 Bilateral hydrocele
 Anteroposterior hip graph of the patient showing increased left hip joint space compared to the right hip.
 Axial T2 WI looks almost normal. Note signal void superior sagittal sinus against evidence of thrombosis
 Contrast-enhanced coronal reformatted computed tomography (CT) scanA large calcified mass is seen in left hemithorax causing righward mediastinal displacement. It is inseperable from the mediastinum and the pleura. Left pulmonary vessels were narrowed and the left main bronchus was occluded (not shown). Multiple smaller partially calcified lesions are also seen in the right lung. The liver is enlarged
 In the contrasted neck MRI, there was 3 × 3 cm axial size, hyperintense in T2 weighted, left parapharyngeal space occupying lesion on the left infratemporal fossa adjacent to the medial-inferior border.
 Master cone check up
 Tranthoracic echocardiography: Long axis view showing the ASO dislodged in the LVOT
 Left coronary artery in multi-slice computed tomography imaging. There is an eccentric atherosclerotic plaque in proximal part of left anterior descending artery. As opposed to arteriosclerosis, atheromatic lesions are localized near bifurcations and places of origin of lateral branches as well as on inner curvatures of vessels. At certain point in their development, most atherosclerotic lesions become calcified. Arteriosclerosis is not accompanied by infiltration of vascular walls by lipids.
 A mesiodens impacted on the palatal side of the central incisor.
 Plain radiography of the chest. Multiple cystic lesions and grossly osseous expansion on the ribs (arrow numbers 2 and 5), clavicle (arrow number 3) and scapula (arrow number 1 and 4) with advanced cortical thinning.
 Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) sagittal section is showing suprasellar Rathke's cleft cyst (RCC) with normal compressed pituitary
 Imagem radioscópica do procedimento com o auxílio do ureteroscópio flexível
 PET-CT demonstrates a mass of malignant melanoma in size of 65 × 63 × 98 mm with the uptake of fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose (FDG) (suv MAX 27.37) in uterine cervix area.
 Axial section chest CT showing consolidation in the left lingual with air bronchograms consistent with lobar pneumonia, without pleural effusion.
 Disc space occupying ratio by artificial disc was measured using simple X-ray lateral image. Occupying ratio=B/A*100; A: anteroposterior diameter of vertebral body; B: anteroposterior diameter of artificial disc.
 Abdominal CT (large lesion, with characteristics indicative of metastasis)
 An F-18 flurodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) scan revealed a high-uptake lesion in the wall of the gastric antrum (arrowheads) and presacral area (white arrowheads).
 The distal left brachial artery to brachial vein fistula.
 Good angiographic result with TIMI 3 flow following direct stenting of vessel.
 Severe narrowing at the origin of left vertebral artery. Segmental stenosis of the left subclavian artery is noted.
 A 52-year-old man with postnecrotic liver cirrhosis and variceal bleeding. Portal venogram obtained after transcaval stent placement shows good flow through the stent without opacification of gastric cardiac varices, which were embolized with stainless coils. Trans-stent extravasation of contrast material was not apparent. The postprocedural portosystemic pressure gradient was 5 mmHg.
 Vertical section of the sternocleidomastoid muscle (SCM) in a patient with late-stage muscular torticollis. Cord-like hyperechoic signals are apparent inside the affected SCM, with a clear boundary.
 The implanted prosthetic aortic valve
 A computerized tomography of the thorax showing a right hilar mass with lymphadenopathy.
 Subcostal modified view in discordant ventriculo-arterial connection / ventricular septal defect: right coronary artery from right facing sinus of aorta.
 Modified TEE aortic arch short-axis view in a patient with a normal aortic arch and flow pattern. 1 = Trachea with inflated endotracheal balloon; 2 = Innominate artery; 3 = Aortic arch; 4 = Left carotid artery
 The orthopantomogram shows a partially calcified styloid process (arrow)
 Example of manual anatomical delineation of the hippocampus (white line with grey area inside) and temporal horn of the lateral ventricle (white line with black area inside) on the left and right side.Coronal sections of the MRI are located at the transition from the alveus of the hippocampus into the hippocampal body.
 CT head scan 20 hours post thrombolysis showing left middle cerebral artery territory infarct with haemorrhagic transformation within the infarcted area
 Maximum intensity projection (MIP) showing no other pathological FDG uptake in body (except previously described pleural lesions)
 X-ray of foot and ankle (oblique view) showing a well-defined osteolytic lesion of the cuboid, with peripheral sclerosis
 The catheter was placed until the balloon portion was located several centimeters past the stoma (white arrows show)
 The CT Scan Showing the Absence of Significant Tracheal Compression
 MRI Thoracic Spine at Level of T6.
 A direct postoperative radiograph shows a segmental defect, which is reconstructed with an impacted morselized allograft in a cage.
 Neck magnetic resonance imaging shows hemorrhagic lesion in cystic hygroma mass (arrow).
 Panoramic radiograph showing more abnormalities than Fig. 1. This radiograph shows three impacted third molar teeth (g). The right first maxillary molar tooth is missing (b). The crown of the left second mandibular molar tooth is missing and retained roots are present (f). The same tooth also shows a peri-apical radiolucency (c) with a well-defined calcified margin indicating possible peri-apical cyst formation.21 The retained root of the right second maxillary incisor tooth is also seen (f). The occlusal surfaces of the right mandibular first and second molar teeth show attrition (d).
 Contrast-enhanced computed tomography showed occlusion 3 cm across from the origin of the SMA (down arrow)
 NCCT head showing a multicystic lesion, with multiple daughter cysts in left cerebral hemisphere and compressing the ventricles and opposite lobe
 Hemochromatosis of the sternoclavicular joint. Axial T1-weighted image (564/15) shows synovial proliferation and prominence of the sternoclavicular joint
 Coronal PET (positron emission tomography) image showed higher FDG (fluorodeoxyglucose) uptake in the left lung and the lymph nodes on the left side
 Chest X ray after 12 months of ATT.
 Classic EV supply in 59-year-old woman with grade 3 EVs. Splenoportal venogram performed during TIPS creation demonstrates EV supply via LGV (arrowheads).
 OPG (Orthopantomogram) showing crowding and missing 21, 22 (case-II)
 Preoperative CT scanning image of a 45-year-old male.
 CT scan showing the expansile mass involving the maxillary sinus
 An orthopantomograph (OPG) reveals unilocular radiolucency with an impacted left maxillary lateral incisor (white arrow) and displaced left maxillary canine (black arrow).
 TDM d'un kyste hydatique cérébral de siège pariétal gauche
 A plain radiograph showing severe glenohumeral joint destruction.
 CT scan of abdomen showing extent of primary tumour.
 Postoperative findings. The arteriography for multiple hepatocellular carcinoma recurrences showed good patency of the jump graft. Transarterial chemoembolization was performed through the jump graft and controlled recurrences of hepatocellular carcinomas.
 A sagittal T1-weighted image. The same case.
 CT of neck (axial view)
 Venous phase – wide veins visible on the left side. Configuration of the upper part of the vagina: X-shaped, vaginal veins widened
 Second panoramic radiograph, appearance of new teeth buds
 Right parasternal long axis view of the heart with severe right atrial enlargement and moderate right ventricular hypertrophy. Note the thickening of the right ventricular free wall and interventricular septum. Right atrium (RA), right ventricle (RV), left atrium (LA), left ventricle (LV).
 Infarct Occipital Lobes.
 Panoramic radiography showed evidence of a previous root canal therapy with periapical radiolucency.
 Computed tomography (CT) scan showing abdominal wall hernia after trauma
 T1 post-gadolinium axial MRI obtained on readmission 2 months after initial presentation and surgery
 An ideal candidate for ETV at six and half months of age due to congenital aqueduct stenosis with dilated third ventricle, floor bulging down into the interpeduncular cistern and adequate pre-pontine space. ETV: endoscopic third ventriculostomy.
 Case 1 Radiograph (Lateral view) at 7 year followup.
 Pre-PCI coronary angiogram showing 99% high-grade in-stent restenosis of proximal ramus intermedius (white arrow). Left anterior oblique view with caudal angulation.
 High signal changes in left superior pubic rami indicating bone oedema secondary to avulsion of the adductor longus tendon from its origin.
 Upper GI Series before endoluminal gastric pouch plication
 CT scan of the chest in November 2011New 9 mm solid nodule in the posterior left lower lobe is seen.
 Computer tomography images of the tumor with the 5 Gy isodose line (blue) for case #2.
 CT image of the chest demonstrates ground glass opacities in the lungs (open arrows).
  Postreduction sagittal reconstruction computed tomography in halo vest.
 CT scan of pelvis indicating multiple enlarged lymph nodes.
 Twelve-hour axial portal phase CT image shows complete thrombosis within the varices (arrow). Mild ascites is also seen (arrow) which was not present earlier
 5-year-old male with focal accumulation of radiotracer in the small bowel. Delayed pelvic coronal view of SPECT/CT revealed focal extra-osseous uptake of the radiotracer in the small bowel.
 Reconstruction of the aortoiliac occlusion with an aortic stent and bilateral kissing iliac stents.
